<p>Hit my credit two months after I canceled. Won't give me a full refund even though I cancelled over two months ago. Logged back in to ensure cancelled account and it was uncanceled again even though I have cancelled confirmation numbers. Email support claiming I didn't cancel even though I have a confirmation number!</p>
<p>Match.com is an online dating site that gives you a lot of flexibility in choosing who you contact and a wide search criteria. I met my wife of 7 years on Match. I feel that I was too old for the bar scene, and the nature of my job made it difficult, if not impossible to meet someone to develop a relationship at work. I've used other dating sites, and they tend to be more prohibitive to pare down the type of person you are interested in, you have to answer a litany of screening questions, etc. </p>
<p>I believe these sites shadow block your messages so you will pay more $ for perks. Think about it. They want to make $. They dont want you on there for week and then find someone then cancel your subscriptions. Wake up people. These sites are big corporation/ government run. I even asked 50 girls to reply not interested if they didnt respond to my first message. Not 1 did! Am I the only one that thinks this is highly suspicious. I also am not fat and an attractive guy. I also send very polite messages. No vulgar pics either. These sites are trying to separate us! It is evil! God bless.</p>
<p>Joined a while back, never any matches in my area, and noticed a HUGE influx of SPAM emails. Almost all of which were dating related, ** women wanting to meet, sexy singles, etc. Deleted my account and after maybe 4-6 months the amount of SPAM finally dropped down from 40 a day to maybe 1 or 2. Been about a year since I tried Match.com, and on average I get maybe 5 junk emails a day, mostly cheap meds or mortgages, etc. Last week, tried to rejoin but couldn't. Said email address in use. Tried the 'forgot password' link and never got an email to reset with. Within the hour, I had 60 SPAM email in my Hotmail account, and again, all were ** women, dating, cheating housewives, etc. Been a week and still getting 40-60 of these in my email a day. Tell me that's a coincidence? Obviously entering in your email address on Match.com triggers something because now I'm stuck clearing my SPAM folder constantly, same as last time I joined.</p>
<p>I had closed my account but unknown to me they upgraded my subscription and continued charging me 6 monthly payments for a year. I have emailed them because it is the weekend and their customer service dept is not open! How dare they I am furious I have not used it for a year because I had cancelled it I thought. Can anyone tell me what is the regulatory body that I complain to because I am not expecting them to refund me voluntarily. They owe me £350.00 that I knew nothing about.</p>
<p>Match.com is SCAM! I have registered and paid with my credit card. I got access to use the dating site and after 3 days my account was blocked without any information why. I have sent 4 messages to customer service to explain and to deblock my account but I never got an answer. I registered again with another user name, paid again, and again. After a few days my account was blocked without any reason. Match.com is one big scam, never register on there as it's wasting your money and time.</p>
<p>First, when I try to respond on their feedback pop-up, it always puts on more stars than I want and quickly disappears. Second, if I put in no one ever responds, even to say not interested. Then within a week I get someone I might be interested in, they talk one night or day and then disappear from site. Talk about company set-up. Third, I believe Match controls too much trying to get me to extend subscription.</p>
<p>I signed up for a year not realizing that it was going to charge me all at once, which I definitely can’t afford. The only people I’m being matched with are so far out of my age range that it’s uncomfortable (some close to being old enough to be my grandfather — I’m 25 for reference). I sent an email explaining my dissatisfaction &amp; requested a refund. Waiting to see what they say. If they initially refuse, I’ll fight like hell to get my money back.</p>
<p>The problem with Match.com is that much like every other dating site out there it's let down by the users. It's full of Judgemental people who are only looking for someone who is perfect and Ghosters who stop responding when you start to arrange to meet. It's a humongous waste of time and money. I would only recommend match if you look like Brad Pitt or something similar as that is your only chance of getting a response. You'd be better off using any other free dating site where exactly the same thing happens but you don't have to pay a premium to be blocked or ignored.</p>
<p>These people are thieves and first class cons. They show your profile to everyone and even give you fake likes and interests to get you to pay up. Once you're subscribed, they hide your profile or limit its exposure. Access to my account was blocked after a week for no reason. I had not broken any rules nor posted anything provocative, distasteful or illegal. You can have access blocked to your account for no reason and because you checked off the user agreement, you're out of your money. Never experienced such shenanigans on any other platform. You literally have to subpoena them to reveal the reason why they blocked your access. Prospective users: BE WARNED.</p>
<p>Hi, I opened an account on Match.com, followed the instructions, uploaded a (nice) picture as requested, didn't take the time to write a text, figuring I had to think it over and would do it later. The next day, when I tried logging on, I got a message that my account was blocked and to contact customer service which I did. Here is their response: "Your Match account has been terminated. Due to our privacy practices, we cannot disclose specifics about any Match account, including your own." So, they refuse to tell me the reason why they terminated my own account. I say, don't bother with that site, look elsewhere.</p>
<p>This company does not deserve any stars. You pay three months in advance and get nothing for it. They say you can contact other people - you can't. They send you possible matches and they're far from being matches. It's pathetic waste of time and money.</p>
<p>My wife tried getting this for her brother who lives in Columbia. They took all the info. He tried accessing it and couldn't because it's US only then they tried saying couldn't find any charges, contact the bank. I called them from the bank. They wanted a 23 digit number that they claimed would fix the problem instead of doing what I was told by Denny. They had to forward to another dept as they had no phone. Evidentially all they did was forward the issue and didn't even included the info they were suppose to so buyer beware. Don't use them. They will rip you off.</p>
<p>BEWARE! I paid for three months in advance. My Match profile froze and could not be fixed or edited. Match suggested allowing them to delete my profile and then I could put up a new one and they would credit the remaining balance of my payment to the new account. I tried repeatedly to resubscribe but was refused over and over. When I spoke to customer service they could not find the problem but insisted they could keep the balance of my payment because I authorized their deletion of my profile, even though it was their suggestion. I would never recommend this horrible dating service to anyone.</p>
<p>Shortly after a woman I'd messaged responded with a request for a chat to which I'd responded accordingly, her account was blocked for reasons unknown. I repeatedly discussed the matter with customer service, only to be told that there was "nothing we can do." A block as a block, and company policy — on pain of the reps being fired — prevented them from simply letting the woman know that because the block had happened AFTER we'd connected as described above, they would at least give her my contact info (phone number and email address) and let her decide what to do with it. With nothing to lose from doing so and everything to gain — the woman, myself, and Match.com — "company policy" could not be "violated," period. Which is to say that this "matchmaking" company couldn't lift a finger to further its own reason for being, its employees too frozen in fear to do their jobs. Disgusting.</p>
<p>I've been on Match.com for two different stretches. I did connect on two separate occasions with dates that evolved into short term relationships. However I would not recommend this site to anyone unless they understand how the site "works". Match has recently made some changes in the appearance of profiles that makes it far less transparent as to whether or not the profile is "active" - meaning has a live subscription and can respond to emails etc. In my first subscription (3 month period) about a year and half ago, it would say next to a profile primary picture "active". Sometime in the last year, they changed this to a dot that becomes partially colored or fully shaded according to how recently the person signed on. </p>
<p>Signed up for Match.com because I thought paying for a matching service would yield results. I was wrong. In the months I was active, I sent messages to 200 profiles and received three responses. I did get one date from someone who was not looking for a relationship. Based upon my experience, I cannot recommend Match.com.</p>
<p>I only signed up for three months. I'm a very nice looking woman and had a good profile. Several times I went to edit my profile and did it, but, NEVER did the changes take place. The pictures and profiles that they "matched" me with were so wrong. This was my second experience with dating sites. I believe that for the most part they are a scam to line someone's pockets. I have discontinued my service after the three months. Have received confirmation of this, with confirmation number and the date my subscription ends. I think I'll just go back to the old fashion way.</p>
<p>This site is crap. Have been on and off of it and it is not what they say it is. In my opinion they say you will but I let my subscription run out and now it says I have several likes. That's BS. Oh now that I can't send messages it says I have some. Yeah OK. Total farce this site is. Not ever using it again and I hope you never do either. Trust me it's total crap!!!</p>
<p>I signed up for a new membership to Match.com and paid the fee. I had access for a couple of hours, during which time I sent several short and innocuous "hello, nice profile, would you like to chat?" type emails. My profile was very generic and in no way provocative or offensive. I logged off for several hours, then when tried to log back in, only to get a message that I was blocked from my account without explanation.</p>
<p>I subscribed to Match.com in 2013. Back then the subscription was cheaper, maybe as expected when taking into account inflation, but more importantly you got dates. I got one a week for a while. I then left and decided to rejoin last year in 2018. I've been signed up for other six months but didn't manage to get one date in this time. I let my subscription expire about one week ago to sign on this evening and found seventeen people favorite me and two winks. I got an average of two favorites a month when I subscribed to their overpriced service but why I am now getting so much attention from all of those women. Especially in just one week after I stopped my subscription.</p>
<p>I contacted Match.com customer service asking why there were a bunch of Likes sent from my account to a dozen women I had not reviewed or intended to indicate interest in. And the website offers no way of deleting Likes that Match.com sends to people without your consent. Match replied saying that the first batch of Matches you receive are automatically sent Likes if you don't Like or Skip them immediately. That ticked me off. But I went ahead and used the service for two of the three months I paid for. Then I noticed that it wasn't just the first group of Matches they send. Match continued to send fake Likes indiscriminately the entire time. I sent another email to support and this time I wasn't passive about it. I told them to stop sending fake likes from my account. </p>
<p>Okay. Admittedly there are less scammers on Match than POF or other sites because you have to pay. BUT, there are also way less matches, especially viable matches. They do not honor 6 month guarantee so do not purchase 6 month plan thinking they will actually honor it. Two separate occasions they denied their guarantee to me. First time was because I hid my profile for 1 week out of 6 months. Ok, fine. The second 6 months I purchased I made sure I followed every rule and they would not honor it saying it was not within 1st 6 months. It says nothing in guidelines about not being first 6 months, regardless I never even received in the 1st 6 months. Spoke with customer service and a supervisor which got me nowhere. Extremely poor customer service. I am 44 and would get likes all the time from 60 and 70 yr old men. Don't waste your money!</p>
<p>Female scammer asking for money named Kathy then tells me her name is Angela ** and that she is moving from Texas to Kansas. I corresponded to for 4 days saying she was in China and she needed 500 for iTunes card to be able to text me and several days later she said she owned an antique business with a warehouse in Florida and that she needed 8300 to purchase antiques in China!!! She gave a website to check out and I looked at the items that were on the site which looked really nice I then said no and that she was looking for money and what an awful thing that was value money over friendship.</p>
<p>Within a three month period, only four people responded to my messages. There is absolutely no reason why only four people out of eighty plus people never took an interest... Especially since I'm pleasant, I'm not ugly, and I'm not weird. The individuals that did respond were either ugly, weird, too old, or failed to meet the commonality criteria. Why does anyone even bother paying money to meet someone if they aren't willing to talk? In short, for anyone that might be suicide-prone, do not try Match.com because the neglect and isolation will only lead to an increase of suicide attempts. Match.com is a murderer.</p>
<p>A lot of fakes and scammers. I received a nasty email from them saying they don’t support married people or people in relationships then they gave me a copy of the user agreement. I am not married or in a relationship! When I called customer service the lady barely speaks English and proceeded to tell me that I had to contact corporate about my issue then hangs up!!! Meanwhile they deleted my account but continue to charge me!!??</p>
<p>This assessment is based on my experience as a customer of Match.com for over 5 years intermittently. Before posting this review online here, I approached their Customer Services Team and had several correspondences with them. The conclusions are as follows: The person who replied to my inquiries each time refused to give me his surname, stating that he was 'one of the Customer care advisor on Match.com' but 'unable to give me his surname.' He refused to send or advise me of the Internal Complaints Procedure, before -as I said to him- resorting to Third Parties.</p>
<p>Honestly, Match is better than POF or Cupid. By having paid members, there are less people looking to hook up or post dirty offensive emails or nasty pictures to women users. On all these dating sites we have scammers, game players, and married people. I don't think Match.com has any more bad stuff than POF. The problem is this... Being a modern-day middle age woman with no grey hair yet and fit body and college degrees trying to date men within 5 years my age up or down (my age) when these men want young girls, it makes it hard to date!!! We live in a society where everyone is so critical of one another and we have chip on our shoulders. I think some men need a therapist more than they need a girlfriend or wife.</p>
<p>Tried this site and being a professional man of South Asian descent, majority of the woman are closed minded. The profiles are duplicates and there are a lot of spammers on this site. When your membership is about to end you start getting emails from members to try to get you to continue on the site so that you can renew your membership. Clearly these messages are sent by the company who set up these profiles. For the life of me I couldn't even get any dates on this site and I am educated, had great pictures and am a good hearted person. Stay away from this site from my opinion, especially if you are a visible minority. The site is not a good quality site. You are better off asking people on dates off the street. The company lacks customer service. They don't respond to messages or inquiries.</p>
<p>Match is the go-to for people who don't know a lot about online dating and haven't bothered to keep up on mobile-app-based dating. There's nothing wrong with that or the people on Match. The problem is major technical regressions on Match and straight-up incompetence. For a while they had removed the "favoriting" function... so you couldn't save interesting profiles. WTF? That has been fixed, but now you have the opposite problem: There's no way to REMOVE people from your favorites, even if their profile no longer exists. Match handled "favorites" perfectly well 10 years ago! How do you mess up such a simple feature EVER, let alone now?</p>
<p>Simply put Match.com is a scam. Make no mistake, their only goal is to get as much money out of you as possible selling the dream of finding your soulmate online. Their advertisements are good at drawing you in, but once you are in you are on your own. They try to sell so many extras to "boost" your chances, but they are nothing more than gimmicks to get even more money out of you.</p>
<p>Signed up and paid for 3 months. The site was difficult to set up and at times I was not able to log in. Decided to cancel next day. Believed that I was entitled to refund if I cancelled within 3 days. Called and learned that it only applied to certain states. Florida where I live is not one of them. In my estimation they stole $58.48 from me. Beware!!</p>
<p>Match is so proud of their CEO, Ivy educated Mandy. The woman is an idiot! This site was very good before she took over, but it’s now a customer’s nightmare. There’s NO customer service, they gladly take payment, then gleefully don’t provide the service. Their App is a disaster, like the rest of Mandy’s mismanagement. I’m interested in aggregating others to file a class action suit against them. That’s what will be required to get the Board’s attention and direct major changes in management, with real results.</p>
<p>I created an account with Match twice after realizing my account was deactivated or changed, allowing someone else to use it while my membership was active. I could not sign in anymore. I sent an email to Match about the problem. I did not receive a response. Twice scammed. In my opinion. I get notifications from the person using my email address when someone likes him. He is a man. I am a woman. I can’t reach out to him to let him know about the issue. Very frustrating.</p>
<p>I’ve subscribed to Match off and on over the years. The last few years there has been a steady increase in fake profiles. The matches they send you are always hundreds of miles away. You would think being a premium member would have some extra perks, but instead I’ve had to pay extra to have my profile brought to the front of the line. In addition there is also an extra charge giving permission to men who don’t want to pay to respond to emails. Why would I want to pay for someone else in addition to all the other add-ons??? What am I getting for being a “premium” member?? I even paid to have someone write my profile...still no results. Match has gone downhill and to me at this point is just a money making scam. Save yourself the trouble...don’t bother with this site.</p>
<p>I signed up on Match.com thinking it was free until they said I had to subscribe to see messages and likes. I can't afford $80 a week on how little money I make. They repeat the same people over again on the matches and on the "You liked" section it kept on adding people you said no to. This is such a scam and a waste of my time.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match on 1/13/19 and I started receiving emails and likes from a variety of men. Many of whom I questioned, but then last night (1/17) I noticed in You liked section there were hundreds of profiles listed with dates to the side as if I had liked all of them. Over the few days of having the service I know I had only liked less than 10 profiles, clearly, something is wrong. This morning I initiated a chat with a Match rep she advised, "Actually, a feature to remove sent likes is currently unavailable. In order to remove likes sent from your account, please go to this member's profile and select the option "hide from search", then, remove and those likes will be removed from your list". </p>
<p>Unlike other reviewers, I don't think Match is flooded with fake profiles. Trust me, I have tried just about every dating site there is and the free dating sites are flooded with pornographic images trying to lure you to prostitution sites. However, even on sale Match's membership is rather pricey so it is possible many of the profiles are free users who can't receive any message you send or the person abandoned the profile because they weren't getting attention. Match definitely needs to make paid users stand out so you at least know you are writing to someone who can respond. I'm quite picky about who I am looking for, so there were only 30 people in a 50 mile radius who met my criteria. The automated matching is rather annoying since they use machine learning to choose who to show to you and they can't seem to get the idea that I am picky about what I want. </p>
<p>This company is providing outdated profiles of people who no longer are active. I know this from experience... I have sent over 200 interest emails to ladies over a short period of time. It is totally inconceivable that I would only receive 2 back. I am a successful, attractive man in my 50's who has visited other dating sites in the past, with 10 times higher response rate. I also have other friends who are experiencing the same. Most of these profiles of women are not active, there is no other explanation. I would caution anyone interested in subscribing to not. The company should be slammed with a class-action lawsuit with fraud and misleading information.</p>
<p>Match.com is a joke. It's only free to sign up, but if you sign up, they preload matches for you, so they can take your money. Stay away. You have been warned. If you don't believe me, just pay attention on your matches, they won't change.</p>
<p>WORST DATING SITE ever. Zero dates or matches in a month compared to many matches and dates on free sites like POF. Most men on their have ONE pic and do not ever respond to a gorgeous woman like me - as they are 90% FAKE PROFILES!!! Only real people they have is 60 - 80 year old dirty grandpas...and as soon as I politely pointed out I was HALF their age and NOT interested in dating them...I got a HARASSING EMAIL stating I am off the site for "improper communications" and violating the rules. Excuse me? Is this Sex Trafficking Site and Match Douchebags think I am their property and they are selling me to their 80 year old patrons? They won't even refund the $90 fee! RUN from this MATCH SCAM!</p>
<p>There is a reason why Match.com is not accredited by Consumer Affairs and has an 'F' rating with the Better Business Bureau. My first and only experience with online dating began last September 2, 2018. I ended up being romanced and scammed for $530,000 and only realized what happened on Christmas Day 2018. I contacted Match.com to report my loss and the user's 'name'. Only the FBI can access information, IP addresses, etc. from Match. I called again to verify that my comments were noted on my account and this time, instead reaching their call center in Costa Rica, someone at the Match headquarters in Texas answered. </p>
<p>Out of 100, maybe 1 is a real profile. Even had a 2-month 'relationship' with someone who eventually asked for US8600 to buy a part for oil rig. Yes, many engineers and oil &amp; gas industry folks that they claim to be. Match auto renewed after 6 months to which I was not aware. Tried to contact via email to Singapore office, link has error. No means of reaching them. US customer service said it is an international account - can't help me. No refund, no dates... What a waste of time and money.</p>
<p>When I tried to cancel my subscription they said they needed my drivers license and banking information then they accessed my Amazon account and tried to bill my credit card. They also had access to my Gmail account and said they are trying to protect my privacy through the internet and they needed this information. Do not use this website as my experience was horrible. I had to cancel all my banking and all my Hotmail accounts and other information they had access to.</p>
<p>These dating sites are all fake, as are the hookup sites. They either want your phone number, or to get you to go to a paid site, or a verification scam. They tell you they want to verify you and send you to a site which is offering a free trial, when you click OK, they try to charge you for almost $50. I once looked at starting an honest site. I looked at software and the companies were advertising that it comes with so many thousands of fake profiles.</p>
<p>I joined a few days ago for a three month subscription. I was able to immediately sign on and review my matches after I paid. The next day my email and password were not recognized. I called Match and they said they had no record of me even though I have a PayPal receipt. Clearly I am disputing my payment.</p>
<p>Many guys on this site are obviously fake profiles. No one responds, because who know who's even subscribed? Also, if you are an international traveler, don't count on being able to use this site outside of the United States. Your subscription only seems to work in the country of origin. Still single and Match never helped me, send me a message at **.</p>
<p>I had an awful experience on Match dating site last year 2018. I met a guy who is a fake profile and turned out to be a scammer that I didn’t know and I lost close to $280,000.00. I reported it to Match but they told me that they take my case is seriously. I have emailed to Amanda Ginsberg CEO for a few times but she has not respond and don’t care my case. </p>
<p>This information may not be able to help those of you who have already been stung, but it may provide some helpful information to someone. My experience with Match.com occasionally over a ten-year period went from great to terrible. Even 10 years ago, I believe most users were able to tell which profiles were stale or no longer actually in effect. We all navigated through to find the real people, and had good success. Lately, though Match.com seems to be experiencing technical problems, either by hackers or actually self-inflicted through deceitful practices or sharing profiles across too many platforms. (Easily recognizable when there are questions you did not have the opportunity to answer, or a layout that is different from your own.)</p>
<p>These people are nothing but crooks... They’ll automatically renew your subscription at full price without any prior notification, and will not provide a refund. As a matter of fact...when I complained, they deactivated my account as well and kept the money. Currently disputing with my credit card. Also the “match guarantee” is a load of BS. Read the fine print.</p>
<p>I had signed up for a 6 month membership with Match and had some contacts. Mostly men who said they were engineers. One asked for $5000 to buy a new part for the oil rig he was working on. I then cut him off. Other men were looking for a "God fearing woman"... Come on. Who would want to be with this kind of man? I canceled my membership because I met a man from another dating site. I'm sure I checked the box for no renewal of membership, however when I looked at my credit card bill I was charged with a renewal.</p>
<p>After using this site for the last 6 months I can’t believe their new year advertising campaign for 2019. They’ve based the advert on fake news. How ironic when everything about this dating site is fake. Half of their members are no longer members and very few people live in your local area. I would have cancelled my membership after the first hour if this was possible. In addition to this these people will take another payment from your bank account unless you cancel your subscription so read the small print. I know other people with the same views who have also been caught out. Save your money, ignore the fake advertising campaign and join a different site. Please note these people also own Plenty of Fish and numerous other sites. Check them out as I’m sure the same crafty habits apply.</p>
<p>Even Billy the Kid had the courtesy to wear a mask when he robbed people. Match.com does it barefaced and with a misleading service platform. This is a class action suit waiting to happen for any attorney who wants to take a stab at it. I could go into elaborate detail about the devious methods Match.com uses to lure people into paying more money for features, the out of date, abandoned accounts...in fact, EVERYTHING POSTED on this site prior to my review but why repeat it all. Everything you've read on Consumer Affairs is all fairly accurate. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME. You're better off finding a date somewhere else...anywhere else, for that matter. Match.com should be shut down by the Federal Trade Commission.</p>
<p>I have been a member of Match.com on-and-off for a couple decades. Yes DECADES. Early this month I noticed a charge on my card that indicated I had been charged for an Automatic Renewal of my Match.com account. When I joined this most recent time (last summer?), I remember distinctly checking the "Do Not Auto-Renew" button on the membership page, because I decided that this would be my "last hurrah".</p>
<p>Current user [though the 3-month subscription is set not to renew on PayPal]. This is my second time on Match [last was back in 2012 – quite honestly, I met many quality women — dated a gem I met on Match for 4 years. Just a few observations so far, FWIW: Match pads your daily matches with fake accounts. Easy to spot: most often a single photo. Minimal, generic “About Me” copy. A quick “Search by image” on “images.Google.com” routinely results in stock images. Obviously, management’s boilerplate response might be: we’re a global site – impossible to stop, catch and block all fake accounts. Whether blatantly deceitful on Match’s part or not, it’s up to you to decide.</p>
<p>I joined Match.com, I took the leap to pay for the membership. The company automatically charged me at 6 months even though I had deactivated my account. I tried to find a way to contact them and much to my dismay there was only a mailing address, no phone contact. So I contacted PayPal to explain, they refused to give me my money back. That said I was still enrolled in the sites membership and the purchase was authorized. The way to actually deactivate and cancel your membership is so buried in the website it’s almost invisible. I wouldn’t recommend Match.com to my worst enemy! I wouldn’t even recommend PayPal at this point!</p>
<p>The worst money ever spend in my life. Half of profiles are fake and the other half did close their account but their pictures are still on Match. So when you close your account make sure that you delete the pictures first. Before you go out with any of this girls don't be afraid or shy to ask them if they take any type of medication. Don't go out for lunch or dinner because it may turn out that you don't like each other and then you're stuck.</p>
<p>Many women on this site are obviously fake profiles. When you live in Alaska and multiple girls are smoking hot models with profile pictures in the Bahamas and generic descriptions like "Just looking for a nice guy; I love music food and adventure," it starts to set off red flags. No one responds, because who know who's even subscribed? Also, if you are an international traveler, don't count on being able to use this site outside of the United States. Your subscription only seems to work in the country of origin.</p>
<p>Refusing to refund money after only 2 days of purchase. Read the details fully! They promise a full refund within 3 days of purchase, but they refuse to honor. They also placed a double charge on my bank account. The few people that messaged me were very obviously scammers. Very fraudulent company.</p>
<p>I signed on with Match a little over a month ago. I think that my profile was professional and with enough detail but not overly long. I view myself as fairly attractive for my age. I'm 63. I would send a message to a man that I found interesting. Very little if any response. Men my age or even older want all these women 20-30 years younger. I find that a little disturbing. I cancelled my auto renewal and received an email that they would keep my profile for 1 year after my membership ends. Well now I definitely wonder (and probably know the answer) as to how many profiles are active and legit.</p>
<p>Unlike a lot of the reviews that seem highly subjective - (OMG, it's Match.com's fault that my dating experience was so bad). Give me a break people, sounds more like a YOU problem. I'll just stick to the facts. Using various techniques that I won't go into here - I was able to figure out with 99% certainty that people who work for Match.com intentionally create fake profiles using stock photos or Google Image Search (thank you, Google!) results. They will intentionally word profiles to grant you "hits," in your search parameters and even send you messages - All in the hope that they'll sucker you into subscribing.</p>
<p>There is nobody actually real on this site. Someone needs to hold these websites accountable! After many attempts after people clicked as liking my profile absolutely zero replies. It’s criminal what they do!</p>
<p>Tired of being single after a divorce, I made the leap and signed on to Match.com. I'm here to tell you that just about every negative review you read on this consumer review page is, unfortunately true. I wish I had read all these reviews before paying for my subscription but I didn’t. Of over 325 "would-be" matches, the majority were either out of date, fake or non-paying members...which means they can't even respond to a message you may send if you have an interest.</p>
<p>First off, do not subscribe to this scam of a website. Despite what the commercials and "results" say, Match.com is an atrocity of a dating site. After surveying this site for years, I can safely say this site is a scam. From my own experience, during "working hours," there have been regularly between 60-65 members showing as "active." Yet in the evening, when you would think more people are searching, it drops by 85% to maybe 5-10 AT MOST. Doesn't this seem fishy? Well it is. It's because these profiles are either made and handled by Match.com employees or they are regularly made active to present the facade to browsing users in order to lure them into subscribing, only to then see the witch behind the mask they are wearing. </p>
<p>I signed up for the 6 month 'deal', which the site defaults for, with the idea that you 'only' pay a certain amount per month. Actually, you pay in full upfront. Your 'matches' are based on nothing other than age and distance. No matter what and how many times you put something more meaningful into the search parameters. Despite it being a paid-for membership, constant flashing adverts make the experience on the desktop version a visual nightmare, sort of a 1980s disco without decent music (and without any appealing men!).</p>
<p>Tried it a couple years ago. They charge you for a free service offered by others. Tired of paying for the same thing I can get through others... Pretty expensive, but that's how their executives get exclusive vacations... Anyways... I'm done playing dumb...</p>
<p>You used to get read notifications for free as part of the membership, now they're $2.99 a month. Beyond that, the membership is useless. You have to pay to message/respond to people, but most people don't pay. So you have to pay even more to let non-paying members respond. They should just charge a higher upfront fee and include all that ** instead of nickel-and-diming you after the fact.</p>
<p>I have been on there for 4 months and only met one person. Signed up for 6 month membership thinking it would save me money. Now Match has gone to the steps of if you don't meet someone in 6 months and write at least 5 new people per month they will extend the membership. Hell if you don't find at least one person in 6 months why extend it? Waste of money.</p>
<p>Match.com LLC is a waste of money. Many of the profiles are NOT paid members. The difference is you either pay or you have no access. They like to call all profiles a members. When you call which is limited non-customer service hours. 9-5 Texas time you will speak to the Philippines, Central America or TX. The phone reps are not helpful. I was working on my profile and was going to join, however they blocked my account. They won't tell you on the phone and say it will take 24-48 hours for an EMAIL reply. Search the internet for class actions against Match. Too bad the judges have thrown the cases out. I guess buyer beware.</p>
<p>First off I know I’m a unicorn in the dating world. I’m in shape, attractive, confident, make great money, travel the world, super fun, and extremely intelligent, (Ivy league education). So I go on the site, put together a solid profile, great photos, nothing too risky, to display myself for all to see. Well to my demise all I was getting was extremely unattractive women that were huge by any standards, scammers, extremely old women, (60 plus years old), women that basically wanted more kids and were pushing 40 plus years old, agnostic women, and out of three dates in three months it was a total disaster. All three women had MAJOR medical issues, ranging from deep depression, various stages of debilitating health issues, etc.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match based on their advertisement. I opted into a six month deal for the savings. Within a day I knew I had made a mistake, the site works terribly. I decided to cancel the purchase after seeing how awful the website is and the unlikely hood of having a match. For example, I was receiving messages from people who did not in anyway match my profile. I called to cancel. The person I spoke with told me that there is no refund, but they could stop future charges and refused to give my money back. I was very upset, because I had bought the 6 month plan and on day one hated it. I explained, "You are supposed to have x number of days free for trial anyway." </p>
<p>I've been trying to edit my profile for months now to no avail. It looked ridiculous, appeared as one long paragraph. I called and wrote many times to no avail. I was told they were aware of it and were looking into it just yesterday. I spoke to a very condescending woman after telling them in the Philippines I wanted to speak to someone in the U.S., who told me she met someone on Match so it works, lol. I told her it didn't work for women over 50 and that I wanted my profile fixed or wanted a refund or I was filing a complaint with the TX State Attorney General. This morning I get an email that my profile contains something offensive and will not be approved. I called again, got the Philippines and said I wanted again to speak to someone in the U.S.</p>
<p>As a Match.com member, I recently subscribed to a Match.com event. I was trying to find as much as possible about the event before submitting the order and, as I clicked on a button labeled LEARN MORE I was instantly charged with no possibility to review or cancel the order. I still want to attend the event but I am unpleasantly surprised by this experience.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match around Nov 1st. But only as a free membership. I did so cause there was an old classmate from high school as a member. So I figured why not now. I never had any bad interaction with this classmate in school, etc. So finally I get the $ to become a paid member Nov 30th. I'm not a paid member more than an hour and a half. I all sudden didn't feel right. I started to have internet problems. I get kicked. I go to re-sign in but forgot my password so I send for a link to replace said password. </p>
<p>Match.com is listed as a Christian dating site. This could not be further from the truth. All the men wanted sex before marriage. In fact, one guy told me that divorced women were easy to get in bed with because they were vulnerable and craved attention. There were a lot of men to choose from, but the quality was not there.</p>
<p>As others have noted, there seem to be a lot of scammers! Not only that, Match.com must not own a computer with algorithms, because even when you complete every option as to what you’re looking for, it’s totally ignored. For example, I checked that I want agnostics, they matched me with a PASTOR! I said I wanted matches within 100 miles of my home, and they’re sending me people from other states, none of which are within 100 miles. Also, even though I am a woman seeking a man, they occasionally match me with other women. I guess they are afraid if you don’t get enough matches, you’ll be disappointed, but I’d rather get none than a bunch that I wouldn’t even consider. Very frustrating! And, lastly, when you see something in your “inbox”, it’s actually your outgoing likes, smiles, or whatever.</p>
<p>Match.com came up with this new ** "For your safety, please request a new password" and lockout profiles time to time and make users keep requesting for new password countless times in a week, how senseless even banks don't make users request for a new password time to time because that will make users to be giving out too much information to cyber world. When most wise users don't even use their real email on dating site Match is trying to make it mandatory to use real email and make users give more information and make them more vulnerable and various aspects. Instead of Match.com to deal with pressing matters like reducing their charges and give members more appropriate matches, they are busy with irrelevant matter "For your safety, please request a new password" that would make many members abandon the site. </p>
<p>The interface is just like every other dating site out there, but the customer service is nonexistent. Used it for several months only for my account to have been deleted unexpectedly. Tried to find out why and dispute, Match said they couldn't find my account. Fast forward several months later, a year subscription renewal shows up on my bank statement. After doing more reading, it seems it's a fairly common occurrence for users accounts to just disappear for seeming no reason or because one person didn't like something and reported them. </p>
<p>I have been on this site for 3 weeks. In that period of time I have had 3 men attempt to scam me, all were fake profiles which I figured out with doing some due diligence, and 2 men wanted only kinky sex. What is wrong with you people. I reported all the issues to Match, but doubt they did anything. They won't tell you. Beware if you are thinking of going on Match. You may have better luck at the bar, at least you can see their real face and turn and run!</p>
<p>I signed up for the site with some encouragement from some friends that maybe the free dating sites are hard to meet someone because the people aren't as serious. So I said ok I'll try a paid one. I landed on Match because I trusted the commercials. I was sent an offer for %50 off. Good thing that's all I had to pay. I made my profile and started finding women that matched with me. I had a few matches within the first few hours. I sent EVERY woman that "liked" my profile. No replies. I tweaked my profile and kept looking and messaging people. </p>
<p>I have not gone on one date from this site. It’s a rip off. They show you people you cross paths with. There is no way in hell you will ever meet that person. The commercial is a lie. I would cancel if I could get a refund. They send you a profile that someone is interested in you then when you go there the profile is not there. How do they get away with this scam?</p>
<p>I have been on the site for nearly 8 months. Wrote full profile, pictures. Educated and look good. Was perplexed that I never got more than one response to a question and didn't hear anything from most. Match runs all their promotions and "premiums this and that" to boost their database. I finally went into detail with a representative tonight about what I long suspected. They said they don't divulge who they’re paying and non paying customers/subscribers are on the site??? Essentially, you see all these people out there that appear to be available and trust me, very few are.</p>
<p>Dear potential customer, this site has been a disaster from the moment I googled it. There has not been one thing that has gone right. I was told I was being given a seven (7) day free trial but after a couple of hours, I was blocked and told to contact customer service. This experience has been one disaster after another and a total waste of time. When I contacted customer service they said the trial doesn't work anymore (after a few hours) and that the only way I could use the site was to pay. I could no longer (after a few hours) check it out to see if I like it. I keep being told that I can log in but I cannot. As the rather lengthy form does take time to complete and ends up being useless, it is counterproductive to bother completing it.</p>
<p>First and foremost, I tried emailing Match.com to let them know that I needed them to contact me because I was a victim of a scammer on their website! No response!!! Women!! Please be aware that I was scammed and robbed of $28,000 because I was gullible to what was happening to me. DO NOT Give anyone money if they ask you or even iTunes cards. I had no idea that you can purchase a card and they can deplete funds. I’m embarrassed and ashamed of how naive I was to believing a lot of lies! I think that Match needs to have better security.</p>
<p>I have never seen such a disappointing, dishonest and money grabbing site in all my life. You call yourself Match... well you don’t Match people. I have asked for profiles with pictures only. Over my 3 months, I’ve had too many profiles that didn’t have photos. You stopped sending these to me when I wrote to complain. I asked for people between 58 and 68. You’ve sent me so many profiles of men ranging between the ages of 50 to 58. You’ve sent me Matches of men who are looking for women between 40 and 55 years old. Not only are you dishonest to me but also dishonest to men. I’m 65 yrs old. Can you not do the math. Now how is that a Match for me. You said that you have over 100 000 members on Match. Why is it that YOU decide how many matches or should I say fictions matches I see in a week. </p>
<p>The website is a total mess and the interface is very poor. I've been on a less popular sites that aren't big funded &amp; mainstream like Match that have easier to use mechanics (mechanics that won't make the site terminate you over an accidental edit). I kept getting the same old people and same matches. I joined just out of curiosity because I wanted to profile browse (had the account for at least a week). I had to make a profile to do that so I decided might as well give this a try to see if I can find someone. I got lots of views and likes. Even messages but you have no way of replying back to these messages men send you UNLESS they themselves buy a separate package ($10 or so) that allows people they message to be able to respond back FREE regardless of membership status. </p>
<p>Updated on 01/31/2019: For many weeks leading up to the end-date of my account, I received the daily 'new matches' email. The overwhelming majority of the 'matches' were recycled profiles from prior 'new match' emails. I only had the occasional notification of my profile being viewed and rarely had a "like" message from another profile. This is due to the fact that the majority of profiles are inactive (at some point they were a paying member, or they signed up for a free weekend, etc). </p>
<p>I signed up with a discount offer. A few years ago I had signed up and had no problem finding the link to deactivate auto renewal. Not this time! Good luck figuring out the link to click - accounts didn't work, and I think I clicked auto sign in instead of deactivating renewal. Asked PayPal for help and they refused. Bad deal.</p>
<p>I was on Match for 15 days. My membership was for three months. I deleted my account after going on three dates with three men. The men (I encountered) on Match are looking for hook ups. This site makes you feel dirty to be on it. Most of the men that contacted me misrepresented themselves. Match needs to verify age by asking for social security numbers of prospective members. I want to strongly warn women about how predatory this site is. No matter how conservative your photos are many of the members only want one thing. Men on Match always want you to give them your phone number and get off the Match platform. Once they have your number they are a completely different person.</p>
<p>In April of this year (2018), I paid for a 6 month subscription to Match.com. The terms say that if you don’t cancel before the 6 months are up, that you will be charged that amount again when it is time to renew. Before that time was up, I tried signing into my account to cancel my subscription but the email and password I always used all of a sudden wouldn’t work. I clicked to reset my password but the reset email never showed up. I went to my local bank and paid for a “stop transaction” on my account to block the name that Match used to take the money out under back in April however, when the day came to renew, they took the money out of my account under a different name which still screwed me out of my money. I contacted Match using their customer service email and phone number. Emailed them twice and never heard back. </p>
<p>Awful experience. They are just interested in taking your money and will say whatever they like. They have something called shuffle which I innocently tried. It comes up with a photo and age and you have to say yes or no to liking them. I'm polite and don't like to say that I don't like someone, particularly when I haven't seen any details of them. I was horrified to find them all in my favourites box! When I googled, it showed me how to remove them but when I tried, it wouldn't work so I called Match and they told me that they were aware of the problem and were working on it. I called 2 months later only to be told that I had been given the wrong information and that they have removed that feature. I also had very inappropriate messages from some men. If you are looking for a quality man ladies, be very careful here! Will never use Match again.</p>
<p>When you email people that you are interested in around your age group with common interests along with the features that they want, no one ever responds to your email. This is a total waste of my precious time. There is a reason people join the on line dating because they have a hard time meeting others. People don't review your profile as in a case with me, I was finally going to meet some one for coffee, then they flaked off the day before because of religion. I'm open to meeting new and different people. Have not meet one person in person, people say they are interested in you, you respond to them and never hear back. Will never use this site again.</p>
<p>Please do not subscribe to this dating site. We are in for a ride and wasted. Out of 100 profile 99 are scammers. Most ** or beggars in there claimed to be their ethnic group end up with me talking to a ** on the pretense to be Chinese and etc. What I will do is continue to string along with these scammers to kill my insomnia. Take heart friends!</p>
<p>This website is a total rip off. They fail to deliver on their guarantee and when you deactivate your account to avoid recurring charges they also renege on their "I met someone guarantee." Don't spend your hard earned money on this fantasy website.</p>
<p>The following is what I wrote them. You can copy and paste to comment on their site. I sent them this same message several times. "I would like to bring these next questions to your attention. Why are profiles with no photos shown to me when I specifically checked “ONLY matches that have photos”? I am constantly shown profiles that have no pictures. I’m beginning to think that you invent those profiles to give false hope. Would you respond to someone who sends you a like, email, or fave without a picture? I didn’t think so. Very frustrating! Also, why is it that I’m spoonfed profiles at a time? Shouldn’t I be able to see as many profiles as I wish? I find it very suspicious and dishonest on your part of not showing true Profiles of real people with photos." </p>
<p>The majority of profiles are inactive members then they want to charge you extra money just to see if your messages were ever read. They need to delete inactive members or at least hide them if they cannot message back. I would not recommend this site at all. It's a rip off.</p>
<p>Match.com also renewed my membership without my consent. I did delete my hidden profile, only to be told I would stay on their database for quite a while. They keep saying they want to help and reimbursed my money, but it's the same sad story that I must log in. How can a person log in when I deleted. It goes back to that problem of staying in their database. I feel for all those people who are honest and caring, who are genuine. I just wish we that have had problems should get closer to bring Match.com down, even when living in different countries. There are ways. I read that Match.com are not accredited with Consumeraffairs.com. I feel the sentence I just wrote says it all.</p>
<p>Someone hacked my site and got my personal info. Did customer service help me? No. I requested a cancellation. What did they do? They charged me for another 6 months. I asked for a refund but they wouldn't give it to me.</p>
<p>This company is predatory in the sense that they make promises that they cannot keep and once you have paid for a membership, consider your money lost. The algorithms they use do not even find common matches. It only matches what you has selected as preferences, but ignores those things that you list as not acceptable. Also, if you are looking for a match local, forget it. You can set the range for your zip code to 10 miles and you still get matches several hundred miles away. In fact, it is probably a less than 10% chance that you would see 30 postings and more than 3 or 4 are local. I would have not given any stars, but that is not an option. Save your money and buy a nice dinner.</p>
<p>This company is a fraud. I was hacked and instead of helping me they cancelled me and threatened me with legal action. I was angry and I let them have it because they doubted my story. My cc was accessed through their system. This is is not a safe site!</p>
<p>Months after meeting my wife on Match, we went back to look at my profile online. My profile had been taken over with the pictures changed. Many e-mails were being sent and received, which can only be done with membership, which I no longer had. It was pretty obvious that Match was using my fake account to hook members. I knew this was a practice, as any time I cancelled my membership, I got a flood of e-mails that required a membership to read. Fast forward to no longer with my wife. I tried to get my profile back, explaining what had happened, and was told that I couldn't have my account back.</p>
<p>Shiesters, they take your Money and cancel your account, I had to call my credit card company to fight it. When you call customer service they tell you they will email you in 48 hours, I’m a good person and I work hard for my money. They did this twice. Do not waste your money. This site should be shut down, ABC gave them an F. Check the reviews yourself. Shame on you, I don’t know how they get away with closing people's account for no reason. I'm going to contact the Attorney General.</p>
<p>If I could give Match zero stars, I would. Please save your money and sanity, and read this review. I subscribed to Match for 3 months and immediately regretted it. It went from bad to bizarre to scary in 3 days. 1. I discovered most of my “matches” were free/unpaid subscribers — some profiles were as old as 17 years! One man had a photo dated 2001; another had a photo of himself with a laptop image of the date — 2008; another man listed his age as 48 in his profile summary but his field-generated age (the age that appears with your user name and city) was 58, meaning he probably opened an account years ago and forgot about it. When I asked Match about this, they said they keep all free accounts viewable to “expand their subscriber base.” In other words, free accounts are used to lure others in.</p>
<p>Last year I joined Match and they charged me after I canceled my subscription which was resolved after a long hassle. I joined in 2018 knowing the steps to take when I wanted to cancel my subscription, I canceled it one month later after I join because I met someone. I went in and cancelled my subscription and took a photo of the screen that showed that I cancelled it and deleted my account. 6 months later I was charged!! I called them and they said I never canceled it. I know clearly now that they are scammers. They gave me a refund but kept $13 because they said the month already started - even though I never signed in for 6 months and thought my account was deleted this whole time! I told them that I want to be out of their system completely and to make sure my account was deleted! I would not be surprised if I get charged 6 months later lol - ridiculous and bad business practices!!</p>
<p>I tried Match.com for around 1-2 years. In that time I only got 1 message and when me and the girl started talking, she said I could call her and then hung up. Most of the women seem fake or have ulterior motives. This site is a total scam and a ripoff. There have been many class action lawsuits filed on this website and I am in no way surprised. I will be sticking to either the free sites where at least you're not wasting your money, or just date girl. Avoid Match like the plague. They will do you no justice. If you pay for this site, you will realize how screwed up it is. So many copied profiles and women who seem like bots.</p>
<p>At first, I went to Match.com out of curiosity filled in my email address and username but did not complete my profile. From then on, Match.com kept sending matches that cannot be viewed unless the subscription fee is paid. I paid my subscription fee for 3 months only to find out that the quality of match I was getting was not the ones that match my preference. I called Match.com if I could cancel my subscription but was told that it was not refundable. As I was about to log off, 3 matches suddenly appeared and seemed very interested in me. One was very persistent and said that he was new in Match.com and that his subscription was ending so he wanted to give me his email and phone number. I sent him a test mail with no message in it. </p>
<p>I have been on Match for around a month. I get lots of views. Most men that write are from out of town, too young, too old, and foreign. The very young men write women without reading their profile. The older men try to get women much younger. The ones around your age just say Hello or How are you? or tell me more. Most men on Match get a lazy profile with equally bad photos. They are just checking it out. It amazes me that lazy profiles and lazy messages are so prevalent on Match. Almost all the men on Match need to pay someone to bring them into this decade of looks, clothing and how to date. Most women say the same thing.</p>
<p>I tried Match because I work a lot. So a family member suggested that I try the whole online dating scene. So, I thought I would give Match a try. Not even 5 min of having it, I had buyer's remorse. I tried to call and email with no luck of getting a hold of someone outside of their business hours of 8-5 m-f :(. Then when I looked at the matches, none of them matched what I really wanted. I've tried Eharmony in the past and had a similar situation of the whole buyer remorse and there was someone to talk to with no problem and they gave me a refund. I cannot believe that Match.com is like this. I wish I would have read the reviews before signing up with them. Now I am going to be out of money, because I thought I was signing up for a quality on-line dating service that ended up being a nightmare!!!</p>
<p>Paid for subscription and have not been able to log in for months. Finally I realized I'm paying for this and I can't even access the site. So I call. Sent emails to support at Match. Then next day I do a chat with someone and explain the problem. No help at all. Tells me she's going to escalate my issue to the people at Match.com. (So who have I been talking to? An outsourced service that doesn't care, obviously.) And at the end she abruptly end the chat. I downloaded the chat history... Then I call customer service and I get an outsourced person who is obviously in the Philippines. He rambles the responses he's reading off from his manual. No emotion and no intellectual understanding of what I'm tell him. Ends the call with, "I will inform tech support about your issue." So frustrate. After paying for months of service I have been able to log in on maybe twice in the last 3 months.</p>
<p>I found a Groupon for 74% off the normal price. There is NO COUPON OR PROMO CODE! Once you click on the Groupon it brings you to the Match.com site. (I had already signed up earlier, just not paid. I wanted to see how the site worked prior to buying. With limited access I was happy at the time.) I will do anything to save money. So, using the Groupon was the only reason I paid! I wasn't going to pay $131.94 for a dating site that I only got to see part of and there are plenty of free sites that I could use.</p>
<p>Don't risk using Match.com unless you want them to be taking your money even after canceling the service. I've canceled twice and still no email confirmation or anything. You cancel and they just keep charging. I canceled the same month I joined because I didn't like the site and thought it was too expensive considering it was no better than the free ones. They still charged me for the following month even though I'd canceled. This is still unresolved. I don't know how they get away with ripping people off.</p>
<p>I wish I would have read all the bad reviews before buying. Anyone can message you so you will get people way older, way younger and or out of state. Wish I could get my money back... Waste of money so don't buy!</p>
<p>I thought Match.com was trustworthy. I was wrong. Nevermind the awful site interface that is far inferior to free-to-use competitors like OKCupid. Never mind the massive number of bot profiles, the search algorithm that's only slightly better than random. Never mind the shocking $30-a-month price tag. They are legitimate scam artists. They automatically renewed my subscription (after I went out of my way to turn that function off) and charged me for four months (!!!). Now I'm out $120 for a crap service that I never used. Please, don't use Match.com. Almost any other dating site would be a better use of your time and money. They are jackals who prey on saps like me- don't be their next victim.</p>
<p>I joined Match.com one day and the next day kept getting men who were overseas who wanted to continue chatting but not on Match.com, or replies with email addresses and phone numbers for me to call someone else they thought would be interested in me. I requested a refund from Match.com and was told they do not refunds even with the scammers. I have reported each scammer to Match.com as I get them since I am stuck with the membership until Oct 2018. Not my idea of a good dating service website. I tried them after being catfished and was surprised that not even a day went by and it all started all over again.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match.com and was able to browse around for a couple of hours. After uploading my photos they blocked my account and could not give me a reason for why it was blocked. Now I'm a ** male 54 years of age but I hold my age well so most people tell me I look to be in my 30s. Anyway I have emailed these people about 5 times asking why is my account blocked and today 8/22/2018 this lady stated that she would need to escalate it up as they had already done that when I created this account back in June of 2018. Yes there are other dating sites out there but this racial profiling needs to stop! therefore I have decided to seek legal action regarding this matter. Let's see how quick Match.com can get this corrected.</p>
<p>I don't agree with many of you, a lot of profiles are fake, most made by cam bots. Others by the website, the long term relationship, is just showing how valuable women are to lure men in, you have to be aware of the fake stuff. It's really a waste of money.</p>
<p>I am a healthy, highly educated man who believes he must go out on a lot of dates before considering anything serious. The women at this site are looking for a permanent partner right upfront. If you're a handsome fellow who works out and earns six figures you can choose hundreds. However, if you're average then this site won't help you.</p>
<p>I thought I might have a decent experience and at least make some new friends of the opposite sex. Most messages you send are never answered. Same profiles of the same people are sent to you over and over. They trick you into automatic renewals of your subscription. Make sure to go into setting and stop auto renewals. Then when you cancel at the end of your subscription... suddenly Match sends you daily emails of all the women who are suddenly interested in you. What a scam! You can't cancel the emails or get in touch with customer support unless you pay to subscribe again! Scammers should be put out of business.</p>
<p>We write all these complaints and they continue to victimize people??? I signed up for a 7 day trial but they wouldn't process the trial unless my credit card number would be able to charge the $50.00 for a month subscription with renewal? Most of the profiles are FAKE. I immediately deactivated my account since they're money hungry and don't have quality members!</p>
<p>Match.com is a joke. You do not have to actually “match” with people before you talk to them, so anyone can talk to you whether they are within your preference parameters or not. I am 19 years old, and 40-60 year old men were sending me flirty messages. I was so disgusted and disappointed and appalled by the fact that I could not control who saw my profile. Also, every single normal 19-22 year old guy that I tried to message, did not respond. I may not be the best at pick up lines and introductions, but I messaged around... oh I don’t know... 20 GUYS!!! And no one responded. </p>
<p>They kicked me off their site, then wouldn't tell me why. They also kept the three month subscription fee I had just paid. This is a total scam of a website. In their privacy policy they reserve the right to discontinue any account without explanation.</p>
<p>I found my self accidentally signed up for Match.com. I immediately cancelled the subscription I had signed up for, and received a confirmation email that my account was closed. Both these events happened within 3 minutes of each other. The amount of the subscription, however was quickly withdrawn from my account. After a couple of weeks of not seeing the fee refunded, I called their customer service number. I was told that the "window to request a refund" was closed! WHAT? How can you send me a confirmation that my account has been closed, but keep my money? </p>
<p>For past experience in other bridal services, even if you are not a subscriber they let you see who has seen your profile, who has written you and even show you the letters. With Match.com there's not such a thing. You have to pay to see anything. They keep sending you that you're getting noticed, letters, etc, but you have to pay to see who sent you stuff or looked at your profile. Very deceiving. Do NOT recommend, don't waste your money just to find out those who wrote you or wink or whatever are not even even close to what you're looking for. It's a lottery. I joined another, saw who I liked, said hi, she sent me a letter, at least I know who she was. No guessing Match BS.</p>
<p>Many of the correspondence I received were scammers. Always started with the same compliments and excitement on wanting to meet me but after a week later would receive message from the website security that they've pulled the account and warned against contacting this person. After a few months I had mostly these types of matches and decided that it was safer to just cancel. Very expensive and not even a single match that was real.</p>
<p>So I joined Match.com, Match has one of the best dating matches, everything is transparent from the point of match to the first date. And like every other person, all fitted my criteria and he was a loving. I found love and all was going well. We fell in love. Of late my spouse started acting really strangely I had to know what was going on, with the help of Rootgatehacks I was able to monitor my spouse's affair to find out he was cheating on me. Google them for more information.</p>
<p>The commercials for this site suggest that customers are matched up using some sort of complicated compatibility system but this isn't really the case. You choose between a few generalized interests that are so broad they could mean almost anything. Thus the percentage of a "match" between two people is basically meaningless.</p>
<p>So being on the dating market for some time I decided to give Match.com a chance. I did the 6 month plan with "match guaranteed." I built the account and put in everything and sent out messages on a regular basis. On that note, I had one response that got only a few messages in before it went dead in the water. After a year of trying to use it, I never had a successful match on the site.</p>
<p>Most of this people claiming to be military personnel on dating sites are scammers. You find them on every dating sites, also on Instagram. I was involved in a romance scam that I lost a lot of money to the tune $500,000. I advise you to always insist to see your alleged lover before any financial commitment. If you have lost money to this heartless con artists you can contact **. They recovered about 80% of my funds traced to the con artist that scammed me. Thank me later.</p>
<p>I am a genuine person looking to meet genuine people. For some unknown spurious reason, Match blocked me from using their site. They gave me the cookie cutter legalese B.S. email explaining why, referring me to their terms and conditions. There are ten million bullet points for none of which I violated. They couldn't be specific. I was willing to pay for a year subscription and they lost out due to faulty analytics. Sometimes it's better to trust human analysis? Technology gone awry. Still hasn't prevented the real bots on their site. Didn't want to meet those anyway.</p>
<p>I got a special offer of $39 for 6 months and free 6 months after if I did not if a friend. My bill ended up $119 US $160 Canadian. Anyway cut a long story short I was fully refunded as I would not stop. Also while on that site I saw, which I know are hackers website as I am getting my money from them also thanks to my bank, I just told them I see you also advertise Hackers on your website. 2 days later my money was back. Disgraceful company, and I managed to deal with it by myself, my next stop was the bank.</p>
<p>Recently I paid for a three month membership in hopes that using a paid membership site would have better results that the free sites like POF. Guess what? I was completely wrong. Ironically I received hardly any scam messages on POF but on Match, 100% of the messages I received were from women 30 to 40 years younger than me. I corresponded with one of them and after a few meaningless exchanges, the woman asked me for my phone number to text me. I gave it to her and she sent me a text. After three or four meaningless text exchanges, I received the following text, "Give me your email address so that I can tell you more about myself and send you some pictures." I replied, "Thanks but no thanks." I am no dummy (except for giving her or him; who knows) my phone number. </p>
<p>I signed up for a monthly subscription but realized they had charged me for a full year for $215.88. At this time I also noticed there were many fake profiles and no local profiles. So I deleted my account. This was on a Thursday and was unable to contact them on the next Friday and they are closed on weekends so I had to wait until Monday. I called and they said I needed to contact them within 48 hours. They gave me a refund but it was only a partial refund for $164.92. So I am at a $50.96 loss. This is unfair because they have no service on weekends so it was impossible to contact them over the weekend. They should have offered a full refund.</p>
<p>Signed up in June 2018 for a 3 month membership to try out the site. On July 9, 2018 I try to log on and get a message that my account is blocked to contact them. I contact them and they reply that my account was terminated for violating the Terms Of Use and they cannot give me any further information. My email address is also banned from registering ever again. In the month I was registered I had contact with 2 members who contacted me first and was in the process of setting up a date with one of them which will now never happen since I am banned. Again, 2 people total and they contacted me. How did I violate the terms of use????</p>
<p>I was victim of a scam. Many profiles on the website are fake and are scammers catching people to rob them. Please never give your number to anyone on those websites and stay away from Match.com. certainly not the best way to find a partner and you are exposing yourself to scams and to feel violated in your privacy.</p>
<p>I joined Match in hopes to meet a great guy. I received 20 plus emails that were all scams. I look at the likes received and likes that were supposed sent by me and there was a very long list of men that I supposedly clicked like. That wasn’t the case at all. I can’t believe how much money I wasted on this. I haven’t received one communication from anyone that was legit.</p>
<p>100% Scam. I closed my account, they keep charging. I got confirmed for closing the account. STILL I have seen charges on my account, I go to bank to dispute, Bank says they cannot dispute the credit card charges, I had to change my credit card number. I did, 3 months later another charge on my account. I did not provide my new credit card account to any social media during this time. I go to Bank again. This time Bank gave me number to call 8003265161.</p>
<p>This is very expensive. Both sides need to be premium to be able to contact each other. When you are out of premium they send you scam emails that people have emailed you to make you go premium again.</p>
<p>First look at it this way... Match does not want you to "match" with someone. Each time there is a match they lose two paying customers. Multiply that by the number of people who subscribe, along with the people who get burned out. It is a losing business model. Secondly, (and more personal), I've recently tried "match boost" because I've noticed I really wasn't getting many people looking at my profile. Again... another scam. I paid $20.00 and it produced absolutely nothing! Going back to "views"... Even though I'm listed as "online now" I hardly ever get profile views. It's like my profile doesn't even exist. I'm not a male model, but far from horrible. So If you're truly looking for find someone I would stay away. It's all a numbers game for them. The longer you're on, the longer you pay!</p>
<p>I believe Match has become a total ripoff. I signed up on June 12th. Immediately received MANY fake profile messages but reported and deleted them and they quit coming in after a few days. However, every day Match sends me 24 profiles and I write to all the ones I think might be interesting guys (I am straight female, 67). This means that I've sent over a hundred in 12 days. I wasn't getting many replies. I went to my "sent" messages and discovered that going all the way back to the 12th, there remain over FIFTY that said "not yet read". How is this even possible, if they are real and current profiles and not fake or deleted. I wrote customer service and have not yet gotten any response. (I will say the few who have replied seem genuine and fine.) I'd say stay away and stick with OKC or POF - at least if you get crappy service you're not out any money.</p>
<p>I cancelled my account 2 months before the next auto payment was scheduled. The website said it was cancelled. I was charged on the next billing cycle. I found it 2 weeks after and called. They lied and said the account had not been cancelled and would not refund all my money. They charged for another month. There are reports of this all over the web. They are cheating people and lying. Consumer beware!!!</p>
<p>I decided to get a Match after all the other free apps failed. I don’t get to meet new people often and figured I would pay to see if I can find someone special. I spent much time into creating my best profile, including details on what I’m looking for, the kind of person I am and all kinds of pictures to show I am really serious about it. I logged on yesterday to be informed my profile was blocked my Match because “I was harassing someone”. I was FURIOUS. I had two dates waiting for me to reply to them, and my account was just blocked. I called Match customer service, and they were even WORSE. I was hung up on over 10 times &amp; Half the people I spoke with said they could not disclose why my profile was blocked. This is BULL. </p>
<p>I signed up to Match with a 3-month sub in hope to find someone. Recently, I hid my profile. I had business to attend to and I wasn't able to be on the site for a few days. I hid my profile on the site and the app. That means no one can view it and no one can search me. Well, just a few hours later I received notification that someone was interested in me. That's impossible, I hid my profile. I went back to the site to make sure everything was set as I left it. Yup and also 3 other people viewed my hidden profile. Just more fake profiles made up by Match to keep people "interested".</p>
<p>I joined because... not any good reason I guess, except wanting to meet someone. Plus they had a special for three months. Which is what I signed up for. They weren't real happy when I canceled immediately so I wouldn't forget the auto renewal. Right off the bat there were strange profiles of young girls, between 25 and 30. Young to me. I'm 65. Sending me their picture with their phone number written on the photo. Now how does that get past their strict review of all photos posted. Not once have they let anything I posted go without reviewing it. So how does one slip one past the big kahuna. Unless someone in management is in cahoots with the scammers. I have had 10 to 15 young girls with phone numbers across their picture.</p>
<p>It's my duty to file a written complaint about meeting three men on this website emails, text some phone, never in person. I filed complaint to Match and said it would be addressed...it wasn't. They were able to Come back and scam other women. My advice is if they work in the oil business outside of United States and you have not met in person run for the hills. Wasted Time, had to change my phone, banking, internet, etc.</p>
<p>I had a year subscription with Match.com and stopped logging in about 3-4 months ago because it just wasn't worth it. The free services are a better ROI. When I tried to log in to make sure I could cancel my subscription, my login wasn't working. When I tried resetting the password, I never got a link in my email to reset it. I chatted with a representative after numerous tries and was informed that the security team detected suspicious activity on my account and that my previous account is completely unrecoverable. </p>
<p>I signed up last week and I’ve received 5 emails from members claiming to be speaking for a friend, boss, coworker, etc. 2 of them included a phone number so I Googled them and as I expected they were scammers. I’ve cancelled my subscription and intend on filing a complaint with PayPal which is how I paid for my subscription. They need to be investigated by the FCC!</p>
<p>Now that Match.com only made $1.2 billion dollars in 2017, it has become the national and probably international market dominator, they do not like to give full refunds for accidental subscription, purchases, 8 yrs ago they did. So what Match does is if you've subscribe in the past, in my case one year ago. If you are not currently subscribed, and you cruising profiles they have a one click purchase screen with a 6 months membership $132 already pre checked, and your credit card info. So if you click on emailing someone and you're not currently subscribed the screen will pop up, whatever you do, do not click it. Hit the back key, otherwise you end up with $132 charge. </p>
<p>I signed up and paid for 3 months service. After 1 month, I was notified my account was terminated for violation of the User Terms. I responded in shock wanting to know what I did wrong and their arrogant response was "get a search warrant and subpoena us to court if you want to know why we canceled your account". I did nothing wrong like use profanity, revealing photos, nor harass anyone.</p>
<p>Match is HORRIBLE and FRAUDULENT. I have never once given Match any bank information but somehow they found it and took $80 UNAUTHORIZED from my account. I emailed my bank immediately and am fighting for a refund. I am disgusted. It's nothing but a scam!</p>
<p>I have been on Match.com for about 4 years in and out. I have always done the 6-month subscription and still never met anyone. It is just a money-making business. They would make you pay extra for the value package and promise you that your profile will be highlighted, but it is not true. I tried each of the packages and each time I still have to pay an extra $2.99 per day (for my profile to be highlighted so many people can contact me) after I have already paid for an expensive subscription. They probably will never highlight your profile unless your subscription is about to expire just to keep you paying. The discount that they offer is not a genuine discount. It is their way of getting people to subscribe. Nothing but a scam… Do not subscribe.</p>
<p>I want to break down my experience so far with Match.com into two basic pieces. The first part is the system itself. Like many have eluded so far, there is a constant barrage of upgrades. I decided to go for the 6 month subscription. About 1.5 months in, I've sent out hundreds of messages I'm not sure if the profiles are real or if they're not interested. Many seem to be "unread". I also think it's crazy that people think the perfect person is within 50 miles or whatever from their location.</p>
<p>I signed up on Match.com in March of 2016. Between that time and now (June 2018) I have had contact with four people: one lived in another country, two others were scammers using some kind of automated chat bot, and the other person was 20 years younger than me. The first three were within the first couple of weeks of me signing up for the site, and the last one was about a month ago. In between, nothing.</p>
<p>I paid for the 1 month subscription, $32, next day my account was blocked... I sent some messages to people I liked, didn't use any bad language, I wanted to find a wife... so they blocked account, and next are responses from they "support team": 1) "Thank you for contacting Match Customer Care! Your inquiry has been submitted to our customer care representatives for handling. You will receive a reply within 48 hours". This is your first reply.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match.com and paid for three months of service with them. After using it for about one month they “Match.com” for whatever reason decided to deactivate my account. Upon contacting support they could not give me any ideas why they did that. Also they will not able issue a refund. So I said, "Well I don’t know what may be wrong with my account so why don’t you let me try to correct it. Please reactivate my account so I can make whatever adjustment might be required." They keep saying “NO sorry we can’t, only thing we can do is escalate it.” Once escalated they say the same thing basically; without the ability for correction of the account with NO refund.</p>
<p>I tried Match.com for the first time and met my future wife. There seemed to be a lot more woman available than on any other site that I had tried before. The process of contacting possible eligible woman was much more easier than on other sites. The very first woman I contacted later married me a few years later so I was very happy with my experience on this dating site.</p>
<p>I gave Match the benefit of the doubt and actually expected they would fix what I HOPED was just a technical glitch. But I'm here to warn you, do not give this company any money! They don't care a single iota about their customers and, after a quick Google search I discovered they have a nasty habit of blocking accounts for no reason. I created an account, tried to message someone, (not realizing you have to be subscriber) and then just kept getting error messages on and off before I was finally blocked from logging in at all. I thought surely it's just a glitch, so I tried again with a different e-mail address. I was blocked before I'd even finished setting up my account. I thought surely it's just because I'm not subscribed and since I couldn't log in to purchase a subscription, I set up yet another account but this time subscribed up front.</p>
<p>I was on Match.com. I thought I had the perfect soulmate. But all of a sudden they would give no phone numbers to talk to the person I was trying to be friends with. Then I called the number and all it say was it was a text email. No phone number. I understand that it being a dating site but wow they got me good. Please whatever you do do not use them. They are not a good company to deal with. They deal with people’s emotions. I would suggest to really check them out. Run as fast as you can from this so called company.</p>
<p>Match.com provided an "offer" to purchase a membership for 6 months and receive an additional 6 months for free if within the first 6 months no match/connection had been made. Unfortunately I didn't dig deep into the Pandora's box of rules and didn't realize that I needed to contact 5 people a month to now qualify for the free 6 months. So bottom line, I don't qualify and Match.com will not honor the agreement. Let it be known that I've sent out 46 messages within the 6 months just not the "required" 5 a month. Let it also be known that out of the 46 messages sent I've received 6 replies. Match.com is a joke!!! Avoid, avoid, avoid!!!</p>
<p>Bottom line, I am extremely disappointed with my experience on this site and I would not recommend it to anyone with breath in their body.</p>
<p>Awful, avoid Match.com at all costs. Firstly, the site is full of fake profiles that waste your time. Every time you login you're greeted by incessant pop-ups to try and make your spend (more) money to get features that should be free to users (incognito mode, profile 'boosts'), your matches are arbitrarily selected it seems and based on loosest fitting criteria of profile selections. Finally, the customer service team are inept, slow, patronising and don't comply with requests from customers for accounts to be deleted - given it's GDPR day perhaps they should be taking this more seriously. Absolute waste of money and time. Avoid.</p>
<p>I got Match Tuesday night for 1 month. Less than 48 hours later I only got 3 emails and sent 1 out. I asked for a refund but since I used site services, that 1 email, I can't get a refund. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY. Luckily it was only 1 month.</p>
<p>STOP. Don't waste your money. I've learned the first thing you look for when a man contacts you is his job. If it says self employer or entrepreneur it's a scam and they're going to want to talk to you immediately off the site, they're going to hit you up for money. I've received so many emails stating that they found their match, but his or (usually) her friend saw my profile and want me to call or email him off of the site. What a scam. You put in a certain age group and distance and the filters don't work because everyone likes you and emails you. I'm in PA, I've had men from FL, TX, IN, WY, MD, ND contact me.</p>
<p>Match.com out-of-the-blue decided to suspend/cancel my account on Saturday, 5/12. I called them on Wednesday 5/16 to try to resolve this issue. Steven, the agent I spoke to at Match.com customer service, assured me that it would be resolved and that I would get an email from his supervisor that would allow me to change my current password and be able to access my account again. I never got the email. I called the next day (5/17), spoke with 2 different agents and was told that they nor their supervisors could help me. They said unless I received the email from their corporate office, I no longer have access to my account or my credit card information. I cannot believe they are getting away with this! Stay away from Match.com.</p>
<p>I signed up for 6 months. Honestly I had better luck finding dates on Craigslist. I went out with a total of 3 girls. Two of them were one time deals. The other one we went out quite a bit, then all of a sudden she flaked out on me. You will not meet the requirements for the Match guarantee thing. There are so many stipulations that you would never be able to fulfill. You have to stay active on the site the entire six months, you have to log in daily, you have to send out a minimum of so many emails to different girls (And you will find the supply of those are limited and within in the first month you have emailed them all.). Anyway you miss one thing and you don't get the guarantee anymore. I'm never using a pay site again. Like I said, I've had better luck on Craigslist.</p>
<p>It seems to me that there is no danger of me or anyone else getting a date using Match.com or any other dating site for that matter. Granted I haven't spent a ton of money on any one site. That's not the point. The sites I've signed up for all do the same thing. They paint such a pretty picture. They post images of women of all description. I've looked at so many pictures. I have made so many attempts to contact women. Some had pictures, some didn't. I'm not God's gift to women, I grant you that. So far not one of them has contacted me after months of trying. There is no way I can have such bad luck. </p>
<p>I initiated a 3 month subscription with Match.com back in July 2015, and used PayPal as a payment. At the time, I was lead to believe that this was an UPFRONT payment that was to use the service for 3 months and then it`s done. I have continuously been charged every 3 months, since December 2015 at total of $71.95 US. Paypal records show they have withdrawn $863.65 US in the last 3 YEARS!! Unknown to me, their ~terms~ in small print auto-subscribe you! It`s by NO MEANS a ~one-time fee~. I called their customer service center, and the rep confirmed for me that my last recorded activity on the site was back in Oct 2015, which makes sense, since I thought I was done the 3 months (July 28th-October) and was NOT interested in returning. After that, they just kept billing me every 3 months!! He did return my last billed amount of $71.95 US, but what about the other $790 bucks??!! </p>
<p>I joined less than a week ago, and have received phishing emails numerous times daily. Every single one of these emails has been that a person has already found a match, but his or (usually) her friend saw my profile and want me to call or email him. At this rate, I have no idea which emails are legitimate and which ones are scams. I have called Match.com's customer service numerous times to search for resolution or a refund, but they refuse to let me speak to a manager, and then usually hang up on me (and I am not being rude). They have disabled the service I paid for without my consent. I am totally floored at the lack of professionalism and customer service they have shown paid customers. I would never recommend this service to ANYONE. RUN!</p>
<p>Very unsatisfied! I too, like many other reviewers, paid for a 3 month subscription. During that three month period, checking my daily matches mind you, I received no responses from any of my matches or anyone I messaged for that matter. The only responses I got were from guys who didn’t fit my preferences at all. Don’t waste your time on this dating site. You’re just throwing away money.</p>
<p>First of all the app is filled with many fake accounts. I paid for a 3 month subscription and didn't even speak with one person let alone meet anyone in person. So I canceled my account (or at least I thought since I had a page showing me "subscription canceled") only to find out on my auto-renewal date that I only canceled the add-on feature to my account. I didn't even know I had an add-on feature, nor did I know that I would have to go to two locations to cancel my account. I tried calling them to explain that I tried to cancel my subscription and it was unclear I had to hit cancel in two different locations, and they stated "I understand your frustration but we cannot give you a full refund, we have to charge you for this month". I literally called them within 10 hours of my card being charged and they still charged me $35 for a month of service I will never use. Complete ripoff. Buyer Beware.</p>
<p>Rather take a Match to $90. Pun intended. Worst service by an epic landslide. Filters do NOT work and never worked through my whole membership. Kept getting harassed by men 3x my age. I asked for 34-38 5 miles outside of Chicago. What I got was divorcees in their 60s all over the country! Called twice and they assured me it was fixed. It never was. They just shuffled me off. eHarmony was amazing and excellent service! I will happily go back. Burn in hell, Match.</p>
<p>Signed up today after reviewing what little I could on the site the night before. Upon subscribing, realized that in the hours since my profile was created, the MATCH system began sending out what they call 'YES' ratings on my behalf. I could not delete these ratings. I used the online 'chat' customer service to get them to delete them. The person on their end instead deleted the few YES ratings I had received even though I clearly noted that I was referring to the Sent folder not the Received and that there were over a dozen of them.</p>
<p>I have been on Match.com several times since 2012. While initially, it yielded some decent communication with assorted men in a reciprocating fashion, I haven't found that to be the case over the past couple of years. I'm sure that, as Match gained popularity over the years, they built quite an impressive database of users. The problem I have found and heard from others using the site is that even after you unsubscribe, your profile remains up on their site. I have never successfully found a way to permanently remove my profile from their site. So, what does Match do with all those non-active but not removed accounts?</p>
<p>Signed up with Match 6 months ago. Did not know of their automatic renewal policy. I found out from a fraud alert from my cc. Match refused to refund my $, no email from Match they were charging my cc.</p>
<p>I joined Match.com 3 years ago and had a horrible experience. I got scammed. I had joined other sites and had men to ask for money and I said no, but listening to this scam artist he got me, hooked, line and sinker. Yes it's my fault, but when I tried to contact Match, I got no response and I had to file for bankruptcy and to say it's been difficult is an understatement. I'll be out of this by the end of the year and can't wait. When I found out it was a person or persons from Ghana I got so angry. They apparently used a person military info to fool me and I actually found out who he was and was going to contact him, but I didn't.</p>
<p>In my opinion, I was scammed this past week. The scammer has an alias "Heather **", also know as "Heather **". Out of Brooklyn, NY. Do a search of this person online. But, here is the troubling part... he/she has the ability to send an email, filled with ** and questioning me regarding my views on marriage and money management. But, here is the scary part. This enterprise has the ability to retrieve and remove my previous saved emails (from Heather), from my Yahoo account, without my knowledge... until, two hours later, I go back to re-read the saved emails. Gone! When I witnessed this, it made me so angry.</p>
<p>I talked to some dude name Oscar about billing questions for Match.com. Not only was he rude but the call escalated and I asked to speak with a supervisor. He refused and didn't handle anything I asked. Terrible customer service. I'll never use this app again or refer anyone.</p>
<p>First off I met my SO on Plenty of Fish, for free. So do that. Second, Match conveniently failed to process my cancellation in time before my renewal, then refused to refund me. So do you want to get your money stolen for a service that works better free? I will never use or recommend Match.com to anyone, they are thieves and liars.</p>
<p>Match will edit your profile without consulting with, or even informing you. Also, it has been blocking perfectly fine accounts without any explanation while leaving many true scammers to roam freely without any efforts to stop them. And for some sent messages it shows "Not Yet Read" to mean had not been delivered altogether. The customer service representatives are so unhelpful due to very strict and un-transparent policies. A nightmare to try to understand or reason about any of the above.</p>
<p>Be careful with MATCH.com! What they do is they secretly house your password and store your back information so that when you click on their website they actually push through and charge you for membership when you don't even sign up for it and here's what I mean by that. Basically I signed up for a membership and I canceled it so I would not be on a revolving membership; when I went back in to look at their membership I chose not to continue as a member, however they went ahead and push through my membership when I was no longer on a revolving membership. I clearly canceled out as a revolving membership. But they pushed it through because they had saved my password information and I called PayPal which they went ahead and they actually believed MATCH.com. I called my credit card company and they believed MATCH.com. </p>
<p>I had a Match profile over 10 years ago. It was active for about a week and then I canceled it. Here I am, 10 years later, eating breakfast with my wife and daughter, when I start to receive emails from Match saying that people are looking at my profile and sending me messages. After a few minutes of panic investigation, I realized that without warning, Match reopened my profile. There it was, in all its glory. The photo of me in my Mom's basement, all my profile information intact. Luckily, my wife has a sense of humor. I learned later that friends of my wife saw it and considered contacting her to let her know I was trying to cheat. When a user cancels a profile, they get the message: "Your account has been deactivated, but we'll hang on to your sign-in info for one year just in case."</p>
<p>I did not want to pay a subscription fee until I knew whether I was comfortable with the site etc. And I also wondered about customer service if I had issues. So settled on the free week trial. The rep that signed me up for it made sure to tell me when I would need to cancel by so as not to be charged. She also told me if I canceled early the remaining days would still be available till the period was up. Wrong. I canceled 3 days before my week was up. Have not been able to use remaining 3 days. When I canceled online I was given a confirmation number and a message that clearly states the remaining days I could still send and receive messages. Again wrong. </p>
<p>I’d been trying to cancel the automatic billing for renewal of my subscription for over a week. However, as I’m told sometimes you cannot reach the site because you need to call in for a cookie to see the site. They say it’s a technical problem that just randomly happens. I don’t agree and believe it’s created to distract you from canceling. After trying many times I went and did other things and forgot to find out how to cancel and find out why I was blocked. Until this morning, when I see the charge went through my credit card. They’re going to lower the subscription to just a one month extension charge, but I’m still extremely dissatisfied. I don’t believe it’s just a coincidence that I couldn’t get on the website just at this time. I had previously had success meeting men in other cities, but not where I live now. I guess people aren’t using Match here like LA or Denver.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match.com around October for a 3-month subscription. I never got replies from people I was interested in, likely because they didn’t have membership. I stopped using the site. In January, my stupid account got auto-renewed at $77. I was pissed. I went on the website and turned off auto-renew. The company does not post their phone number or address on their site, only an email link. I sent them an email and demanded my money back, but all I got was a generic reply. </p>
<p>On 2/7/2018 I filed a complaint against Match.com and "won". They offered me a 3 month subscription at the price of one month $38.99. Yet they charged my card twice; once for a 1 month subscription, then again for the 3 month. Thank God I printed out what they did before they blocked me out of the account. The people behind Match are worst than some of the scum on the site. Because they have a large database doesn't make them better or reputable. People please go to eHarmony, a more superior site in terms of service and quality of men/women. Match.com operates very shady.</p>
<p>Under Basic membership I could 'wink' at someone every 24 hours - why I wonder, other than to suit Match themselves. Messages cannot be sent with Basic membership. When sending messages after upgrading hardly anyone replies and I suspect that many members use Basic membership and cannot even see messages, let alone reply to them. I do not trust the operation of most of the dating websites, although Match is not the worst.</p>
<p>I have been on Match for 2 yrs. Sent 100s of emails to prospects. Many were never opened or answered. Went on 2 coffee meets. That went no further. Not happy, tried to cancel. Found out they had renewed my subscription without notifying me and refused any refund. Not a reputable business, all they do is sucker money out of you. Beware!!!</p>
<p>I had an account for a whopping day. One day. I was billed an astronomical amount, sent several emails to customer service and was essentially told "sucks to be you". I felt this was unprofessional and called hoping to get a professional. Was told over the phone the same message of, "You should have known better"? Case in point they have something along the lines of "message for free", if you choose this they bill you $89 and some change. Absolutely absurd. Then they refuse to refund anything even though they misrepresented themselves. I would recommend people stay as far away from this awful company and their non-existent "customer service". They could honestly not care less about any user.</p>
<p>I deactivated my account in 2014. But I recently started getting emails from Match saying that I "caught someone's eye." I ignored it at first. When more started coming, I had them all sent to spam. I was just thinking it was a fluke. I checked my spam folder just now and it was flooded with Match emails. I logged back into Match to find that my account was reactivated. I deactivated it again... Hopefully it will stick this time. I never received an email saying that my account was reactivated so I can only assume that this was a technical glitch... But I am still very unhappy about this situation. I'm also noticing that I am not the only one this has happened to recently.</p>
<p>I joined Match 1.5 years ago, after 3 months I canceled as it was expensive and I wasn't getting quality matches. I tried to sign up again recently as I thought I would give it another try, lo and behold they terminated my account after I upload a picture, I had not message or contacted or viewed anyone, just created a profile and loaded a nice respectful pictures. When I sent an email to see why they said I violated their Usage Terms but could not tell me as per their privacy policy. I'm an educated productive member of my community with a good job in the finance world, for them to not provide a reasonable explanation is unprofessional and unacceptable, I would stay clear of this site.</p>
<p>I canceled my account more than 24 hours before the subscription ran out. Match acknowledged the cancellation but did not send me an email confirmation. 2 days later I was charged an additional month's subscription and told that I didn't cancel so I was charged based on an "auto renewal" clause. I never signed up for auto renewal, I followed their instructions on how to cancel, received immediate confirmation that I was canceled and they were "sad to see me go" and offered me 3 months for the price of one if I would stay. I still canceled and now I've been charged again, have no recourse other than to give them a 1 star review. I would give them zero if given the opportunity. I explained my situation to Match and they say there's nothing they can do. I don't buy that. I think they make their money off of people who don't know about the auto renew function and make no apologies for scamming their users. Shame on Match.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match.com with a paid subscription. Mind you this was the first time I have ever signed up for a dating service. Within an hour my account was terminated... Contacted the customer service and I was told that they will not disclose as to why I got terminated or any further details. I did nothing inappropriate to anybody... What a waste. Highly suggest you steer clear from this service. What a joke.</p>
<p>They currently advertise on TV: "Text 'Match' to 33898 and receive a 7-days free membership". I did so and created a profile, posted my photos, and then I also had to give them my credit card data and agree to be billed for at least one-month membership ($ 40), for which my credit card will be billed at the expiration of the 7-days trial membership, unless I cancel the membership before the expiration of those 7 days of trial. (You need to cancel it while being logged into your account.) If you do not give them your credit card data and you do not agree to pay for at least one month of their membership, they do not give you those 7 days of free trial membership that they promise in their TV advertisement, which makes their promise a willful misleading of customers - i.e. fraud and deception – and I was disappointed but this turned out to have been only the first of the many scams they do.</p>
<p>I moved from VA to FL. I changed my location on the site but my matches don't move to FL. My profile looks OK with photos and true description but I only get a few matches. I wonder why they don't make the site better.</p>
<p>I took out a Match subscription last year. I cancelled it almost immediately specifically to ensure that automatic renewing was turned off and that is the only way that it can be done. I used my purchased and paid for 3 months and then did not renew the subscription. I removed the app from my phone/computer and turned off notifications and email contact from Match. I just got an alert from my credit card company that Match had just charged me for 3 more months. I had only recently started getting alerts from my credit card company. I went back and checked my bills and was shocked to see that Match has continued to charge me all of these past months. Stupid me for not checking my bills sooner.</p>
<p>Match.com does nothing to protect its customers. No background checks. No identity verification. Users can create profiles with whatever name they want to make up. Any identity they choose to be. I met someone from Match.com and we dated for several months before I found out his name wasn’t his real name, his identity wasn’t his real identity, and he was a registered sex offender who served 10 years in a New Jersey prison. When I reported it to Match, all they did was pull his profile. Then I later saw him back on Match under a different name. Then a year later I saw him back on Match under another name. Match is happy to take your money... but does nothing to verify profile identities or run criminal background safety checks.</p>
<p>I didn't sign up to renew my subscription but they charged to my PayPal account anyway. I called immediately when I saw the charge on my account to cancel. They gave me a confirmation number and they told me that I will see the refund in 7 days. After 7 days, I called them because I didn't see my refund. They told me that when you cancel there is no refund. I will keep calling until I get my $197 back.</p>
<p>Where is the competition folks? Match.com is the worst dating site ever. I beg someone to come up with something to compete! They send ridiculous matches daily that have nothing to do with what you're looking for, they totally lie about the "guarantee" or it's free. They basically have no customer service and if you do attempt to call you will wait forever and they farm their help out to foreigners that don't speak English. They are just plain horrible.</p>
<p>My kids encouraged me to sign up for Match.com to find a new partner late in life. Within the first 3 days of subscribing, my email inbox was inundated with advertisements and images that actually were buttons and were set up for users (including myself) to accidentally click on, leading them to accidentally pay additional fees on top of their base subscription that they could not reverse. There were false promises of "likes" and "someone is interested", only to lead to upsells that caused a continuing outflow of money from my credit card. </p>
<p>I have had numerous enjoyable dates but so far haven’t found “the one”. My girlfriend is also on and has had zero dates. I’m not sure why only that she is looking for “Ken” and Ken is looking for “Barbie”. I don’t expect the perfect man to drop down from the heavens. Compared to other dating sites it’s minimally better. There are phony men on all sites just as if you met a creep anywhere else.</p>
<p>I had specific requirements that I listed for Match comparison and I was provided with women from the east coast, I’m on the west and 15 to 20 year age difference. I requested 10. Also you have to sign up for other features at extra costs to communicate with any potential matches.</p>
<p>I've been on and off of Match over the years and have met a few quality people. BUT... I believe some men have not been happy with me because it has shown me online when I haven't been!! I've had a few guys pissed off at me (or it seems so in their text messages after a date). I had two dates with one guy and everything seemed fine. Right after the second date (dinner) I get a sarcastic text message saying "Well, I hope you enjoyed your free dinner!!" When texted him back to ask him what was wrong, he wouldn't tell me and said, "it's not going to work"??? Then another guy planned a really nice second date. He went out of his way to select a restaurant that I would love. We then went somewhere else for drinks. It was really thoughtful. Again the date went well and he was very into me. A couple of days later, I texted him to see how he was doing and he texted back that I was not his dream girl and that I should find someone else. </p>
<p>I believe the scamming is much more direct and devious than what has been covered. I believe Match.com has paid writers who create profiles with lots of great, fun photos and an interesting bio just to get people to buy the subscription to chat with them. Having been divorced for ten years, I have been on Match multiple times over the last decade. I have attempted to view profiles in their free version to see who is out there but there always happens to be someone who seems to be such a great match that I am compelled to move things towards the next step. I look at their profile, perhaps ‘like’ a picture, ‘like’ their profile or send one of those awful ‘winks’. In turn, she looks at my profile, likes my stuff and leads me to believe there’s reason to communicate. So I pay them for the, come to find out non-refundable, subscription (even after Groupon says there’s a 3-day free trial). </p>
<p>I became a member three months ago, and in that time, not only have I never managed to date anyone, but I have yet even to receive an answer to my messages. I have found the women on the site not only unappealing, but also obsessive. It's as though they have gone out of their way to look poorly presented; bad hair, poorly made up, if at all and badly dressed. They are only interested in men who are either five years younger, or older than they are, making no allowance for someone who is not only appears younger than their chronological age, but are also younger in spirit.</p>
<p>I want a refund and I want to cancel my account. This is the second time I'm reaching out to you to cancel my account and STOP billing me. I have already emailed you once regarding this. I have spent quite a bit of money with you and have met no one on this site. You say that there is a match guarantee and then you continue to bill the customer when they want to cancel and will not honor your match guarantee Advertisements. I have been a member for over two years and HAVE MET NO ONE. MATCH GUARANTEE IS A BUNCH OF BULL CRAP. CANCEL MY ACCOUNT IMMEDIATELY AND I WANT A REFUND. YOUR SITE IS **.</p>
<p>I paid for three months service in advance approximately $77 and was shut down for no reason after about three weeks. They claim my emails were harassing! On the contrary I received numerous abusive and vulgar emails from "man haters" who claimed my demands were unfair to women. Some of the profiles from these woman were downright vulgar. When I responded I was shut down as Match did not like my answers. It's alright with them if they post phony and vulgar profiles but not acceptable when I respond to their brainless comments! Furthermore, FYI good looking women whom I was seeking are far and few between.</p>
<p>First I was contacted by someone from my same gender and told that a family friend was interested in me. After a few weeks - never meeting - suddenly he claims that he has to go to Capetown, South Africa on business. Then the story is that he gave his 11 yo daughter - EVERYTHING of importance - like who would do that??? Including all of his credit cards, his phone, his business laptop, her Xbox, etc. in the airport and that she lost it. Of course it never gets found and he expects me to replace it all and he'll pay me back when he gets his 1st check.</p>
<p>I joined Match.com a in early February 2018 and began receiving so called matches. However it seems that everyone in Abbotsford Sydney is single and looking for love. I have also received matches from Overseas and age brackets much younger and older than my criteria. The whole site is a total scam. I forgot my password and requested to reset it via email at least 30 times. I was advised that an email was sent to my address to reset it. Still no email sent to reset. I have emailed customer care at least eight times but still no resolve. I want to cancel the subscription as it has an automatic rollover renewal but I need the password to log in to do this. Hence can't cancel. My only option is to cancel my credit card to stop any future payments.</p>
<p>Random match emails 6 yrs after canceling!!! Not cool. I happily found my husband via Match.com and canceled my subscription 6 years ago. Within the last week I have received a few emails about potential matches and Dallas singles events (WTF?). I am no longer a customer as of 2012 and have no idea why I am getting these emails. I'd like an explanation!!!</p>
<p>This site will modify what you write in your profile, providing no explanation, and post it for the world to see. Anything they deem critical of the site, stating that you are letting your subscription expire or that you no longer view their "matches" will be removed from the text. There is no opportunity for a dialog with some nameless faceless who changes your writing. If you replace deleted text, they delete the entire section of your profile and replace it with the words "PROFILE NOT COMPLETE," so you lose your work. These statements are unacceptable to them and will be removed from your profile: "I’ve resolved not to view any more matches or try to contact people on this site." "I've decided to let my subscription expire." "I'm tired of the disillusioning promises." If you have a brain, go somewhere else. The "matches" are not matches at all, the editors are tyrannical, and the effectiveness is nil.</p>
<p>I’m a highly educated experienced careful consumer, and my research re: Match a few months ago didn’t produce as many red flags as I’m seeing now. But I did see many Customer Service red flags for OKCupid.com, which has Match.com ties. It seems as though Match is flagrantly deceiving and extorting money now! Why aren’t they being stopped? A message on my account page (which I cut and paste and saved for documentation because, as I said, I’m a careful consumer) told me that my last day was one day later than overt emails sent to me re: my cancellation. So when I opened my Match acct on the last-last day of my free trial, Match automatically enfolded me for six months. Blasphemy!!!o me re: my cancellation. So when I opened my Match acct on the last-last day of my free trial, Match automatically enfolded me for six months. Blasphemy!!!</p>
<p>I have tried Match a couple of times and have found it to be a lot of fake profiles. A lot of the profiles are out of date and use poor photos and cookie cutter descriptions. Many are obviously scams. I also received a lot of suggested matches that DID NOT fit what I asked for when setting up my profile. After giving it a couple months I cancelled my subscription because I wasn't finding quality profiles or getting much response. Within a matter of days of cancelling, I started receiving emails that all of these matches were interested in me, which was obviously phony and only trying to get me to rejoin. I have deactivated my account and received confirmation so I hope to stop being contacted by this pitiful so-called dating service.</p>
<p>I thought I would try Match.com. The first week, I simply set up a profile but did not pay as of yet. I received numerous emails regarding I had matches and views and messages waiting for me. BUT, in order to view anything, you had to buy a subscription, which you are locked into the term, you can cancel, but NO prorated refunds. </p>
<p>Do NOT TRUST this site SCAM. They deactivate your account after 3 months and NO REFUND!! So you pay for 6 months and only receive 3. Disgusting customer service!! People don’t speak English and according to them NEVER any supervisors available, nobody higher up to complain too. They flat out deny you to speak to anyone about refunds. Criminals!</p>
<p>Absolutely a scam and discriminating site against Asian women. They tricked me to upload all personal information and photos but they blocked me for re-entry. All my profile information is clean and true. I wrote to customer service and after 48 hours, a lady called Latrice ** responded me and informed me that my account was terminated without providing any reason. It is terrible website. For all Asians, stay away. They are not worth even for a one star rating.</p>
<p>Match.com's auto renewal deal is very deceptive. I thought I had disabled the auto-renewal feature but I had not. I contacted the company within minutes of getting a renewal to try to cancel it. They were willing to shave a few dollars off it but not refund the bulk of it. DO NOT TRUST THIS COMPANY.</p>
<p>If you can, avoid doing any subscription business with them. Use as free version or else you will be charged 15 times per one day for the amount of €29.90. Even if you think you get one month membership. In fact you subscribe for countless month ahead! Avoid at all cost these scammers, burn your car if you have smallest desire to use with them. There are plenty of other honest companies to choose from.</p>
<p>Do not trust them with your money. They'll let you trial the service, sign you up - and then you find the trial was full of optional bolt-ons that they didn't make you aware of. The result is that you unwittingly signing up for a much reduced service. You don't know about the optional bolt-ons and they refuse to tell you they are being secretly added to enhance your trial. When pressed, they refuse to comment on whether this is fair. When pressed for written information that warns of OPTIONAL bolt-ons being added without the customer's knowledge in a trial, they can't point to it - because it does not exist.</p>
<p>This is an absolute scam! Every so often you are going to find someone nice and normal or perhaps someone you know. For the most part, I had empty pictures or pictures of people that were on Hallmark movies. They had several names and the profiles of these scammers are totally different from the actual emails they send you. I am a woman and received several invites from other women. I also asked for males in a certain age and race bracket and got men that were 20 years younger and way too old for me and all different races - Tons of perverts and bikers. Asked for college educated conservative type men. Got anything but... Ran into someone I know, thank God. Every loser type you could ever imagine from profiles, pictures and lack of them. Seriously, never saw anything like it. Lasted 3 weeks and gave up the money and got off. Scary!</p>
<p>Gave it a try at $79 for six months, got no good responses (means actual legit contacts) so added another $50+ so responders could respond without them having to pay, again, total garbage. People do not exist and site keeps sending "teasers" to get you to pay more ("boost"). So sad companies like this scam lonely people trying to find a significant other. READ THE FINE PRINT IN THEIR AGREEMENT and caveat emptor.</p>
<p>Overpriced, awful customer service, not enough networking to be worth spending the money on. Don't waste your time. Very unhappy. I tried contacting the customer service after being billed when I should not have been. They billed me $60 and only refunded me $9. Not happy at all! Told me that that's all they could do for me.</p>
<p>Can't get into site consistently via normal login. Customer service is nonexistent. Password reset does not work. Worst of all, these jerks have promised to rebill me ad infinitum. USE THIS ORGANIZATION AT YOUR OWN RISK.</p>
<p>After a few days of opening up my messages and being horrified, I called their customer service line to get tips on how to avoid these harassing messages from men three times my age. They said there’s nothing they could do after I put in my requirements – any man or woman could still message me despite my very clear preferences. I asked to cancel my subscription and get a refund since I had only used the service for less than a week at that point. </p>
<p>Originally I went on Match via a free trial offer which was extended automatically (check the small print!). I let that go and stayed on. In Sept 2017 I stopped receiving messages and assumed it ran out, which was fine with me. My Feb 2018 AMEX bill shows $131.94 charge for Match.com. I called them to inquire and “Daniel” in some unknown part of the world advised me that THEY blocked my account back in Sept 2017 due to some spam activity, however they never notified me about this at any time. He happily cancelled my account during this call but when I asked him 1) are you crediting my Amex and 2) why didn’t you notify me of the SPAM Attack (as it turns out I had paid for the entire year) and give me three months credit...Daniel said. 1) no, I am stuck paying the six months through July 2018 even though the account is cancelled &amp; 2) no I don’t get any credit for the last three months of 2017.</p>
<p>At first glance Match seems to be a good site to meet people. However, after having used the site, the first thing that bothered me was their automatic renewal, and how extremely difficult they make it to cancel your membership. While it is difficult to prove, they also have profiles on their site of people who are not real, and will send you mail indicating someone has expressed an interest in you, when in fact they had not. I know this for a fact because I was involved with someone who then had apparently shown an interest according to the mail from this garbage site! When I asked her if she had, which seemed odd since we were communicating outside of this dump, she informed me that in fact she had not. I would not waste your money with this site no matter how sweet they make the deal! There are much better ones, but you have to be careful with others as well.</p>
<p>Although I didn’t receive any scammer emails I sure got a bunch of emails from men I was not interested in at all! Men that are well over my age range and Match.com doesn’t even weed them out. I’m 25 and my coworker told me to use it to meet a nice man and it has been a week and I have not found one man I would want to talk to. Most of them are 35 year olds that want to talk to a dang 18 year old which is disgusting. I don’t know why I paid for 6 months cuz this has been absolute trash. The men are disgusting and have no idea how to talk to women. I suggest sticking to a different free dating site.</p>
<p>I wish I read these reviews before I subscribed to Match.com. My experience is pretty similar to so many other reviewers - numerous contacts first week or so, many of them obvious scammers and then NOTHING! I sent out more than 70 emails to Match in the first month and got maybe 3 responses. And now nothing - and like an idiot I signed up for 6 months! Just hoping that my cancellation will actually cancel it at the end of 6 months but based on others experience, I'm leery. Whole thing feels like a sham.</p>
<p>This company should really be called SNATCH.COM. Listen to this crock I just went through. Please be prepared people... this company may tell you that they find true love for you BUT they certainly do NOT love you at all!!! I cancelled my membership here after not meeting a single guy worth dating seriously and somehow it was never cancelled... they billed my for another cycle and as soon as I saw the charge I call the very next day to tell them and to have the charge reversed and guess what... THEY REFUSED TO GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!! </p>
<p>So I just joined, put in my search criteria for a 50 mile radius and 253 choices come back. Now Match puts a little green dot by people's "name" to let you know if they're currently online, or if they've recently been online. Not sure what "recently online" means but guess how many viable choices I get out of 253? 21... Yep, only 21 out of the 253 profiles have been on Match in some indeterminate amount of time meaning the other 232 women won't ever know I exist. And yes... No refund!</p>
<p>I posted a profile and received notice that I had received messages in response to my profile. Encouraged by the response I decided to pay the $60 so that I could view and respond to the messages. The messages were from romance scammers. They all claimed to be responding for a “friend” who had viewed my profile the previous day (I had just joined so not possible). Several were from women. I immediately canceled my membership and took down my profile. All within 25 minutes of paying. I contacted Match.com customer service and explained the above. No refund issued.</p>
<p>I recently sent a PRIVATE message to a friend on Facebook and jokingly mentioned the word "Match.com." Within the hour, I started getting BOMBARDED with emails from Match.com saying that "so and so" liked me or shared interests with me. I tried marking as spam and unregistering from emails to no avail, so eventually had to sign in to my very old Match.com account after retrieving the password. Once logged in, I saw that my profile had somehow been reactivated without my consent. I hadn't logged into Match.com for a couple of years, yet somehow, my old profile was very active.</p>
<p>I was only on the site for one month and in that time I was contacted by three scammers. They put up fake profiles and when you contact them they're good at responding back with texts and emails claiming they have good professional jobs. They even call you from a local number but the give away is they have an accent. They will claim they're Italian or from Vienna and they're most likely Nigerian scammers. They will put off meeting you with job excuses and eventually they ask you for money. They are very good and it's a very sophisticated scam. Report them to Match.com right away so their profile can be taken down. DO NOT SEND THEM MONEY.</p>
<p>I had auto renew removed from my Match.com account because they automatically have it on. The day before my account was about to expire I double checked to make sure my account was not on auto renew and sure enough it was. I removed the auto renew and saved my setting. Sure enough they renewed my account and charged me for three months. I noticed the charge of $74.97 only two days later and called them. After arguing with the representative they got back to me with a $38 credit but would not give me a full refund. I had used PayPal to initially pay for the service and they did not help me. Lesson learned, next time just use a credit card. Coincidentally I just spoke to a friend and the same exact thing happened to her. What a scam!</p>
<p>This is a site where you can email users but they will never reply meaning they either create fake profiles to lure people in or they hold their users to no standards of ethics. For a truly good website for dating users should need to reply to new emails even saying they are not interested as no reply at all means users do not intend to use the site for any meaningful reason.</p>
<p>They have charged me $119.94 every 6 months for 3 years on a "recurring account" that I do not have. There is no way to stop them from committing fraud. You can not stop automatic renewal even if you never had it in the first place. You can't even talk to a manager about it and they refuse to give you any phone number to the corporate office.</p>
<p>I purchased a one month subscription for my friend for about $37. Two days later I was charged $60 automatically, without my consent or confirmation. I emailed them about a refund and they replied that the charge was "offered as an incentive" and was charged. No it was not "offered", it was stolen from my account without my consent. They were trying to pull a fast one on me and take my money. I did not confirm or agree to be charged this amount. They did not even refund my $37. So in total, I would have paid about $100. PLEASE, don't do your business with match. They just prey on single people and it doesn't even work most of the time. Very disgusted with their business model and practices.</p>
<p>I called customer service to ask for a refund because I spent $65 and after spending a few minutes on the site I went through all my matches in my area which were a bunch of guys that didn't meet the criteria I'm looking for. Why would I be matched with a bunch of guys that select "definitely don't want kids" and I put in my section I'm looking for a guy that "does want kids". When I explained to the rep I'm being matched with guys that don't match what I'm looking for and I would just like to get my money back she told me," We don't do refunds" and then said "I'm hanging up now" and hung up on me! I can't believe such a well-known company could be this horrible. </p>
<p>2018's Online Dating reality with Match.com. I'm a child of contemporary times, my closest friends will tell you. And whereas I do worry about some of the aspects of Technology, I must confess that I tend to be on the side of the spectrum of people who will gladly start trying out new technologies and applying it to my life. I see them all as new life-navigating tools which can be used in a variety of ways.</p>
<p>I signed up for 3 months, I had no luck, and no matter what parameters I changed... I got the same group of people as my "matches". I thought I had cancelled my renewal (but it's actually NOT very easy to do) and it automatically renewed me. I accepted that and thought I'd try for 3 more months, but made sure I cancelled my auto renewal right then. Three months later... Still same group. I get 2-3 emails per day. My subscription ends, I log in and lo and behold - There is a WHOLE NEW GROUP OF PEOPLE THAT NOW I CAN'T CONTACT! Lol. I didn't log in for 4 days... And I had 129 emails! WHAT?! I got at MAX 6 one day, and now I can't read them and I have 129??? S.C.A.M. Steer Clear Away from Match.</p>
<p>I couldn't receive my password reset email though they kept telling me nothing was blocked. Amazingly, I received the email after almost 10 days and my membership expired. So I asked for prorated refund or membership extension and they declined. I'll file a lawsuit even for such a small amount just because this is a terrible business practice.</p>
<p>I am very disappointed in Match. I joined for a month and nothing really came out of my $29.99 I spent. I cancelled and am no longer using the site but I got charged $29.99 again and it says I have the membership till the end of this month but I won’t be using it. It is a waste of money and one of Match’s employees said I was unable to get a refund. $29.99 just went down the drain for nothing and I will NEVER recommend Match to anyone ever again unless I can get the $29.99 back. It’s not like it was 2 days before the end of the month and I wanted a refund. I was charged and cancelled the same day since I no longer need the membership anymore and they won’t allow me my money back.</p>
<p>Last month I signed up to Match.Com. Knowing ahead of time about Match.Com billing practices, i.e., once a person signs up, he/she acquiesces to ongoing monthly charges unless the subscriber cancels before the expiration date of subscription, I cancelled immediately upon signing up. The cancellation process is tedious because Match.Com keeps making a person navigate through a myriad of pages before arriving on the last one to cancel. Then, after the cancellation, an offer immediately pops up offering to reduce the regular price of $39.99 to $14.99 and the offer would stay on the table until the day the subscription ends. In my case, knowing ahead of time that one month was enough, and a few weeks later that I observed that not many new members were subscribing, I ignored not to accept the 1/2 off offer at the end of my subscription. </p>
<p>I was online with Match.com for only 24 hours when I had received hundreds of emails from around the country. Some emails were from escort services, most of them men sent me rude, nasty emails and there were dozens of profiles that were simply downright offensive and inappropriate. There were also dozens of profiles with male nudity, profiles with lewd comments, and profiles that made it clear what they expected from women. If you're on Match.com, and you're a woman (I'm sure men have valid complaints about Match as well) then you are in for a frightening and disturbing experience. Match refuses to confirm the removal of my profile.</p>
<p>BUYER BEWARE!!! I wouldn't recommend Match but if you decide to subscribe and cancel make sure you get a confirmation for your cancellation and also call so you won't be SCAMMED by Match like I was. I was on Match about 2 weeks. Decided online dating was not for me. I went to the settings, canceled my subscription, was advised that subscription would be active until Feb 19 on Feb 17. My CC was charged of course. I'm angry. I canceled 2 weeks ahead. I called. I was told that she can see my profile hidden and some other things done but not canceled. I was furious to say the least. Do every chance I get I'm spreading the word.</p>
<p>Many obviously fake profiles: One picture (sometimes fuzzy), their narrative is cut and pasted (I’m endlessly curious about the world we live in, so if I’m not on vacation, I’m probably planning my next one. As example). I mean really, how could multiple people come up with the exact same description?? Most of their details are; "I will tell you later." Fake, fake, fake. Granted there are a few real people on there, and of those most are looking for someone rich or several points higher than they are. If you insist on staying on the site, cancel and wait for their "Don't Leave" offer.</p>
<p>I was a member of Match.com for a year paying monthly fees of $24 per month. I'm 45 y.o professional (former model). I received average 15 emails per day. Recently Match.com created a new application which is pop-up every time when you log-in. The paid application supposed to "boost" your profile to be more searchable/visible and promise you quadruple your emails. The pop-up gives you a choice to pay more money for some bogus "boost up to several hours" or not. How can you promise someone who did not get any emails (my neighbor) for four months to quadruple emails from members to boost the profile visibility just for a few hours?</p>
<p>I cancelled my account and deactivated my other account. I also specifically remember turning off auto-renewal. Despite this, I was still charged 59.95 - as Match.com claimed that I had two accounts and I cancelled on the wrong account. However, I had proof that the account I cancelled was the account that was currently active. Even after I was charged, they still required me to reactivate both accounts, thus causing me to potentially get charged again. Stay away from Match.com.</p>
<p>I had no luck with OurTime or with Match dot com and I am a very good looking woman. I believe that their profiles of men are mostly fake. Some are years old and have never changed! Also they're not very high quality. (At one time OurTime dot com and Match dot com had the same owner. I don't know if they still do. This was relevant on the dates they stole from me.) I sent a message to the manager of OurTime in Santa Fe NM because he lied to someone and said I was interested when I wasn't. This was last year, 2016-17. I complained about this and said I didn't like it at all.</p>
<p>First company I've ever come across who is so greedy and selfish as to collect money for services that aren't used. "I'm sorry, our "policy" is that we don't issue refunds once your card is charged." How about this for a policy... offer a few days grace period for customers who forgot to turn off auto-renew, just like EVERY other company does. Greedy!!!</p>
<p>I deactivated my profile on Match.com a couple of months ago. They have my debit card on file and charged me $68.97 for another 3 month subscription on 2/12/18. I called and they said they could only give me a partial refund of $18, or "one month" per Daniel at ext. **. I asked to speak to a supervisor on two different phone calls on 2/13/18 and was denied both times stating that nothing would change. That way they can keep the money and have no accountability whatsoever. They took money from me when I wasn't even activated on their site and then refused to fully refund me. They said deactivating the profile wasn't the same as stopping the subscription, which is deceptive and is meant to confuse people so they can continue receiving subscriptions.</p>
<p>As of today's date 2/13/18 I called Match to cancel/reverse the payment for 6 months. This $59.94 payment would have been for an upcoming 6 months, expiring 8/17/18. So obviously, on 2/13/18 that 6 mth period has not yet arrived. I have disputed it with my credit card company and they have reversed the amount, subject to the outcome of the dispute that could take 90 days. Buyer beware! Not only is it unethical, it's just bad business practices.</p>
<p>I found their site difficult use and to deactivate my account. It was not clear on either App or website. Customer service was not friendly, nor helpful with my issue. I spoke to 2 different male supervisors whom conveyed no real sense that Match.com was a people centered business. I would rate them higher but after being charged £60 for a subscription I did not want and was unable to deactivate 48 hours before they charged me. I wouldn't use them again. I certainly would not recommend to friends after speaking to the people in their offices. LACK OF SERVICE AND EMPATHY FOR THEIR CUSTOMERS.</p>
<p>So I decided to check out Match.com based on what a friend had told me. I signed up less than 24 hours ago (2/13/18 @ 9:27AM current time). Since I have signed up for a three month subscription, I have received nothing but vulgar and lewd content from males on the site. I called first thing this morning to cancel the subscription and potentially get a refund (either partial and/or full) since I signed up less than 24 hours ago. I was told that I am not allowed a refund and that my information is stuck on there for the next three months since people messaged me within the last 24 hours.</p>
<p>Very poor, discourteous, and unprofessional customer service. Don’t waste your money or time. One evening, I decided to subscribe to match.com’s site via the iPhone application &amp; test the service out to see if I’d like it or not. The next morning I tried to log back into my account and I see an error message telling me my account has been deactivated with an email address to contact match.com’s customer service team. I then send match.com‘s customer service an email asking them why my account’s been deleted and their only response was: “Please know that due to our Terms of Use, your Match account has been terminated. Due to our privacy practices, we cannot disclose specifics about any Match account, including your own."</p>
<p>Payment taken all at once instead of monthly, which was a HUGE surprise to me! Also, I found out after paying and having signed up that apparently there is no Canadian customer service telephone number! Only for United States! Feel very misled.</p>
<p>I not only had to contact the FBI and the Federal Trade Commission as well as my local Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department of outright fraud and abuse by a online scam artist seeking to glean money from potential victims with highly sophisticated romance schemes that to an average eye would go undetected unless serious damages ensued. My first experience out of the starting gate with Match.com was a man who identified himself as "Larry **'" with the gmail account of "**" and a Denver based cell phone number.</p>
<p>After several emails and even a few phone calls, not one representative can answer a basic account question. They keep telling me they will "escalate" the issue, and then the next representative does the same. Complete waste of money.</p>
<p>Match.com make me ill. I signed up and within a few days I knew this was a waste of time. They will not give any kind of refund at all. They don't care. NO REFUNDS. P.S. NO REFUNDS. Even tried to cancel with credit card. NO HOPE. NO REFUNDS.</p>
<p>Of all the dating sites the web has to offer, I just HAD to pick match.com. A blunder that cost me big time! My rent was due, so I picked the middle package for 6 months (cheapest) and they wrote it was payable month by month. So how could I expect the WHOLE YEAR being taken out of my bank account? I contacted them by 'chat' and was told by Diadna, to the effect, 'tough, you play, you pay' and I would be there for one, entire year! This has me tearing out my hair!!!</p>
<p>Moving to a city I knew nobody, I decided to give it a try. Very stupid of me, because they were rated F by the Better Business Bureau at the time. I was so overwhelmed by fake profiles popping up to "chat," that the site was completely unusable. I got nothing but the runaround like a total scam by their non-existent customer service. After months of ignoring the BBB complaint I filed, they promised me a full refund, document attached. Then they did the same thing, as the BBB who has now taken away their accreditation, making it an F-, is their new rating. </p>
<p>Match.com is a ripoff. They are nasty people who do NOT respond to problems with their site, and who will not hesitate to rip you off. And the best part? They will deluge you with false communications until you actually pay. Then, once you pay, all of a sudden, it dries up like the desert... I tried to communicate with them and they shut off my account. I couldn't even get in there to stop the auto pay, so had to go through my credit card company to cut THEM off because they kept taking my money even after I wrote to them to formally cancel. They made my blood boil and hopefully reading this will prevent yours from boiling. What a HORRIBLE company...</p>
<p>My profile was hacked and my password and profile was changed and I had no control. The person sent messages to dozens of people I would never contact defaming my profile. Match could not stop it over the weekend because there is no customer service available on weekends. I never got a refund... This is terrible and I have heard others experience the same. DO NOT TAKE THE RISK!</p>
<p>Be aware of SCAM continuing on MATCH.COM auto renewal. Liars and cheats. They automatically sign members for auto renewal, and charge Credit Card without notification, even though I cancel my membership, online, last June. This is not the first time I have fallen a victim of Match.com. STAY AWAY!!!</p>
<p>I have been on Match.ca for 2 months now, signed up for 3 and have cancelled my auto renew so hopefully no chance of being billed after 3 months. My biggest complaint that I just figured out is the number of fake profiles I am given in my daily feed or fake profiles that have "liked me" or made me their "favorite". The photos in the fake profiles are way too perfect, they are rarely or never online and of the small handful of messages I have sent to anyone on Match, a third are fake profiles. In my "sent" messages folder it advises me that the messages have "not yet been read" and I also received within a couple of days 2 different profiles, 2 different screen names and 2 model gorgeous photos of the same guy! Come on Match, you can do better than that!! I have no plans to renew and if this is what online dating looks like, I'm out.</p>
<p>All I got was creepy old men trying to talk to me - they were literally my father's age. TONS OF THEM. Some normal run of the mill losers my age. Of course I only signed up for 1 month and they auto-renewed. No warning. Refused to refund me the day I was auto-renewed. No use for such an awful service so now I'm paying for nothing. Filed a claim with my CC company. NEVER AGAIN.</p>
<p>I'm stuck with Match until early Spring. I have to say when I initially signed up there was interest but that quickly faded away within days. I get a daily email of men who could or could not be my matches because when I log into my account there are never any matches there for me. I just ignore them because Match likes to give you fake matches to make you think guys are interested in you when there's no interest at all. I have not messaged anyone or if I did, I was trying to find out if they were for real. No response. They have this big flashy commercial on TV promising the moon and all you get is a trip down a dark alley. Nothing on Match for me because I can't tell what's real and what's fake. No messages from a real person so far and it's been months. The guys I was talking to all evaporated into mist, they weren't serious, they were into tricks. Half the time I log in I don't know what's going on but I know I'm not a part of it. I might as well have a dormant account. Nothing is happening in mine.</p>
<p>After months of urging from a friend, she reads me multiple reviews from sites that compare online dating sites. The site offered a link for a free trial on Match.com but upon setting up a profile, you are prompted for payment. We entered my payment info with the assumption I could cancel if I didn't like it. Less than 36 hours after setting up my profile, I realize not only that I do not like the online dating scene but that I have already been charged for a six month subscription to Match.com. </p>
<p>It's deceiving to advertise something as free when it is not. It is a useless site with no hope of meeting anyone unless you pay the high fees. Dating sites should be more upfront. They want the users to be honest but they are not.</p>
<p>I chose a 6 month subscription, from July 29 2017, today I saw a charge for another $119.94 USD on my BMO MasterCard so when I went to cancel it as I wasn't getting much good prospects on this website. I called my credit card company and they also tried to get my money back and Match would not cancel the $199.94 USD authorization for the renewal fee. So now I have paid for another 6 months until July 29 2018 and I get nothing, zip, nada! They are the worst, be careful. I think this is one way they make money off customers with their crafty no refund rules. I am very angry. I feel ripped off. I don't like the way they do business and will never return!!! I have a cancellation number # ** dated today January 29 2018 but it means nothing it seems. What scammers. Making money from people for no service!!!</p>
<p>I have had a Match.com account for a couple years, and had rarely if ever used it because I hate the idea of paying a pretty high fee with no guarantee. I went to log in this weekend, with the intent to try it for a month by paying, but my account had been banned. There had never been anything inappropriate on my account in any way, but they say somehow, on an account where I can’t message anyone, and basically can’t do a thing, I did something to get banned. To not, I log in to it maybe once or twice a month, at the very most. I emailed their customer service, and this is what I got back: "Thank you for contacting Match regarding the status of your Match membership. Please know that due to our Terms of Use, your Match account has been terminated. Due to our privacy practices, we cannot disclose specifics about any Match account, including your own."</p>
<p>I canceled the auto-renew on my Match.com membership but Match still took money. I complained to customer service who claim to have "no record" of my cancellation. Repeated refusals to refund as there are "no glitches" with the cancellation system. They are "legally required" to tell me I can complain to the ombudsmen but actually stated they wouldn't engage with them anyway! Unbelievable. Wish I'd seen the reviews on here prior to signing up. Seems a lot of people have had issues with their "faultless" system.</p>
<p>When I signed up for Match.com I stated, "I only want the 6 month trial period and do not want any automatic billing to my credit card after the 6 months is up". I just saw on my charge card statement that I was charged $8.75 for the next 6 months. I called to complain and stated I was NOT paying the bill. The rep who barely spoke English said that once the charge is posted to my charge account they have no way of refunding my money. I had the rep check the records and did acknowledge my desire NOT to continue with Match.com after the first 6 months and for my charge card NOT to be billed any further. That fell on deaf ears.</p>
<p>On my profile I had my account set to not auto renew! Instead Match charged my account and then refused to refund the money. I talked to multiple people at customer service. The first two hung up on me. They have a problem with their account settings and refuse to even look at it. Will never do business with them again!! Their site deliberately takes advantage of you the consumer! One they absolutely refused to listen to what I had to say! Two they said I sent messages after my account renewed which I had not! I wasn't even in a location to have done so! They will not help you and they will lie!</p>
<p>The company does not give full refunds. I thought I'd already canceled my auto renewal as I hadn't used my account in over 6 months so when the 6 months renewal bill came of $120 came, I tried to get full money back. Very frustrating experience to be forced to pay for something you didn't want in the first place and hadn't been using. It is also frustrating they refuse to let you talk to management or someone who can actually do something. In the end I got back $68 of the $120. Still frustrating to not get back the full amount and that automatic renewal is automatically on so they can trap people like this. Not cool guys.</p>
<p>Paid subscription then account was hacked because of apparent spam sent from my account which I couldn't even log into in the first place. Very unhelpful customer service basically accusing me of abusing my account. Will be in contact with the bank.</p>
<p>If I could give it negative stars I would have!!! I followed the steps online to cancel my subscription a week before my renewal date. It stated my account will be open for the remaining time of my subscription. The day my subscription was up I was charged for a renewal. I called the customer service and was told they had nothing showing I had cancelled my account. They refused to refund my full amount. When asked to speak to someone else they refused. I hung up and called back and was told the same thing. Then I proceeded to tell them how I would complain online and give them bad reviews and they finally decided they COULD actually refund my money. I will still be giving my review of the company. If I could give it negative stars I would have!!!</p>
<p>Who hasn’t let a subscription renewal date slip by? An ethical business gives its subscription customers a little advance warning to remind them of an upcoming automatic renewal. How ethical is it to not only automatically renew without notice, but then to refuse a refund the renewal subscription when the customer makes a good faith effort to contact the organization within minutes of the organization’s operating hours?</p>
<p>I joined match in December 2017 for a one month subscription. I cancelled before the end of the month. The problem with Match I had was it is full of male scammers. These scandalous ruthless heartless individuals prey on woman. Please fellow woman never fall for these men, they don't care about you. All they want is your money. They will say all the right things to make you believe they love you and care deeply for you. Believe me. All they want from you is your money. That is their only one objective. To get your money. I called customer service to report these individuals, I believe they do not care. Women beware of this site. Avoid getting your heart broken and scammed out of your money.</p>
<p>Decided to give Match a try last July, and they had a promotion for a 6-month membership. After said six months and a whopping 2 conversations that lasted more than a week, I figured I would give it one more month, if only to see what would happen with the person I was currently talking to (this is conversation number 2 that was more than a few days.) Turns out, I had been auto-renewed for another six months, without even a "heads up, we're going to charge you full price!" email. And when I went to cancel the new subscription, it says that I can cancel at any time, but my account will remain active until July when it runs out. Save your money and don't bother with Match. You'll have a way to kill time sorting through the random profiles they send your way (Because they ask for your preferences, and then send you the exact opposite anyway) but you probably won't have much luck speaking to a human being.</p>
<p>I signed a 3 month subscription with Match under the impression you had a few days to cancel if you weren't satisfied. Within a few hours I wasn't satisfied so I called customer service so I could get a refund, this guy proceeds to tell me since activity was on my account I wasn't allowed to cancel! So I called back and got a girl this time. She told me since I got the 3 month subscription and not the 1 month subscription I couldn't cancel (so 2 different answers). I asked to speak to her manager because I was getting conflicting answers, she said no I couldn't speak to the manager and kept telling me she was going to hang up on me and she DID! </p>
<p>Blocked another member for cussing me out, because after she emailed me, I told her that I did not like the piercings in her face and not to email me... The other member cussed me out and I reported it to customer service, and they terminated my account, and kept my money! Site is a total rip off! Plus the site is full of scamming companies and viruses now...</p>
<p>I have been on Match a couple different times. I chose to cancel my subscription in Sept 2017 knowing it would end in December. When I canceled online it stated that I would not get re-subscribed. Then on Jan 2nd, I saw a charge of 119.00 from Match. I just spoke to them, and they said that the cancellation for some add on charges which is complete BS. I had no extras on my account. They stated that they could not refund the 119.00, even though I will no longer receive email notifications, etc. Does that even make sense??? So I just basically paid for 6 months that I can't even use. What the heck is going on with this company???</p>
<p>A couple years ago I took advantage of Match.com's offer of 6 months for free if I didn't find anyone in the 6 months I paid for. I took a nice selfie, wrote a detailed profile, and sent out hundreds of messages to young women. Long story short, I never met anyone... I don't mean I never met anyone "special". I mean I never met ANYONE face-to-face. The vast majority of women I messaged never even responded, and no one took the initiative to contact me. As far as I'm concerned Match.com is barely short of an actionable scam. Don't give these people a penny of your money.</p>
<p>They auto renew you, after you try it out and just keep charging your card. But don't tell you about auto renewal at sign up. They won't refund money, won't let you talk to anyone, and just hang up the phone. ** you match.com. You scummy pieces of **.</p>
<p>They are giving you the option to cancel under the settings, but you might as well not try since they will automatically charge you again despite cancelling it in a timely manner. They are basically giving you the option to feel good about it but it is useless.</p>
<p>Match.com started running off seniors a few years ago. Then later, changed their mind when they saw how much business they were losing. Long story short, they could care less about seniors, only money~!</p>
<p>Both Match and POF.com use fraud to deceive you into paying a monthly or bi-monthly fee to discover who on each site wants to meet you. This is a huge hoax on the subscribers, as the majority in the want to "MeetMe" fields have never read your profiles nor have any desire to meet you! Addressing it to POF or Match and you rarely get any reply or a ** excuse that many are emailing and they will get back to you. All a fraud. Internet fraud involving money transfers is a felony, it is also a form of wire fraud. I have filed online complaints and notified the RCMP and FBI. If you have a profile on either site, you may wish to cancel your memberships. If you are a business that invests in IAC/InterActive, you may wish to dissolve your financial obligations with them as the RCMP or FBI may investigate you also for supporting a company involved in financial fraud on the internet.</p>
<p>First off if you're a guy on Match, 90% of the profiles are fake. They last about a day and they're people wanting you to join sex websites. 2nd most of their profiles are inactive but they show them as active to draw in people. 3rd I discontinued my membership in July. On December 28th, they found my new credit card number less than 30 days old account and charged that. I never gave it to them they somehow found it on their own. Beware of their fraud.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match.com on January 4, 2018. I used the service for one day. The first member that I messaged asked for my personal email address. I did not give it to him. I hit the reply button and the screen took me to another member's profile. I reported the second member to Match.com through the second member's profile as instructed. I could not report the first member because he removed himself from Match.com. I have asked Match.com for a refund because I felt nervous about their quality of security. They said they would not renew my service after three months, but because I emailed through them, they were unable to refund my money. The customer service rep that I spoke with over the telephone hung up on me. The customer service rep that I wrote to through the "chat" service said they were unable to refund my money because I emailed through them and that is their policy.</p>
<p>I recently had a horrible experience with them. I have tried contacting multiple times via email and chat and then finally reached someone by phone and they told me I was outside the window for refunds and they would not offer me a refund. This was a horrible experience. I recommend staying as far away as possible from Match.com.</p>
<p>I was recently charged for a 6 month subscription. I had initially signed up for one month and was horrified to find a charge on my credit card for six months. I called Match and they said that they could not issue me a refund as I had sent a message two days prior, therefore under section blah blah blah I was liable for the 6 months. They would not let me speak to a supervisor and the gentleman that I spoke with said he is hanging up on me as there is nothing that can be done. So that night I looked on my web page, looking to remove my credit card when lo and behold, there is a notice that says, they can only renew your subscription for the same amount of time as you had originally. In other words they cant charge you for 6 months when you only had a one month subscription. </p>
<p>I would have not believed it until it happened to me. Match.com is closed for any kind of customer service or fraud alert outside of normal business hours, this means someone can get into your account, turn off the email address notification, get into your account with your birthdate and credit card number...and also change your profile photos etc. Now you try to get into your account and you are locked out because they changed the email address in your account. Wait and still have your credit card number and birthdate!!!</p>
<p>I subscribed to Match.com in June 2017. I had a discounted rate through Groupon, and knew I did not want to be auto-renewed, especially at the normal rate. Upon subscribing, I followed the FAQ steps on Match to make sure my account would not be auto-renewed by cancelling my subscription. My subscription expired on 12/29/17 and auto-renewed at $119 inexplicably.</p>
<p>The automatic renewal is very tricky to cancel and the customer service does not make any exceptions for the multiple barriers that the company sets up to bar cancelling the membership. Once it renews, the company will not pro-rate cancellation. I attempted to cancel numerous times but the website either kept crashing or did not provide confirmation of the cancellation.</p>
<p>"Matchmaking" business: Some of the profiles offered to members may not be associated with this site, may have never been associated with the site (just gave their profile at the beginning and never signed up), or may no longer be affiliated with this site. Members have no way of telling, and are not told either at signup, or during the tenure of membership.</p>
<p>Within 3 hours I was personally contacted by Four (4) oObvious scammers. One, who continued for 3 weeks under an elaborate false identity providing: Address, Photos &amp; Widower Back-story. Never received A Refund!</p>
<p>Earlier this year I had tried Match.com out for one month and paid the full $42.99 charge for the month. I had no success, so I decided to cancel considering how expensive the monthly cost was. In June, a 6 month promotional deal was released for around $4/month. I decided I'd give it another shot. Shortly after, I started seeing someone in August. From that point on, I didn't use any dating applications. In September, I had remembered I needed to cancel my account and subscription and made countless attempts to log in, with no success. I clicked the "forgot my password" button and was informed an email was sent. Days went by and no email was received, including my junk mail. I tried this 15+ times over the course of the last several months, still with no success.</p>
<p>Sent email offering $7.79 per month for 6 months, so $46.74 total. Plus an additional 35% off. So $32.72 total. At checkout total is $71.57. I assume this is illegal in the US. I certainly would not trust such a company with any info.</p>
<p>I originally signed up for a 6 month membership and was well aware of their auto-renew policy and knew my membership would have auto-renewed in December. I intentionally made sure I cancelled my membership in November, received a confirmation number and a message stating that I could still use my account up until the expiry date. I had my profile hidden as I had met someone and no longer had a need to be on the site.</p>
<p>I deactivated the account and selected cancel and was still charged. Customer service will dispute your charges and provide bogus reasons you can’t receive a full refund. If you disagree they will hang up. The site is a bunch of crap. The same people always populate in a search and half the accounts are deactivated that do populate. There is nothing free. It’s free to put up a picture of yourself. There is no free communication not even during the trial period! Match.com is crap!</p>
<p>I haven’t been on Match for probably 8 years now and still receive constant emails from them even though account cancelled and unsubscribed. Women still send me messages, so unfortunately Match just uses a bunch of old inactive accounts to pad their numbers.</p>
<p>I am at a complete loss of words for the quality of customer service that Match.com offers. I had only used their services for one week and noticed that my account was on auto renewal for the past six months. I have been charged twice in the amount of $65 since I had last used it and when I called to report this innocent mistake, I was told no refund is possible, there is no manager to speak to and the system won’t allow for any other changes. This is an absolute outrage. After trying to understand and get information from the rep, she says that she is not able to help me further and then hangs up on me. I have never had an experience like this before in my life. Even Amazon refunds when someone is unaware of an auto renewal and doesn't hang up on you. Apparently, their policy is to not help you and then steal money from you. This is not OK. I do not recommend this service to ANYONE if you care about your hard earned money.</p>
<p>I had stopped using this site months before the "auto renew" date, and had at the onset of my initial subscription turned the auto-renew option OFF. They DO NOT send out any kind of warning/ reminder/ nudge that your subscription is almost about to be renewed. I didnt think it mattered since mine was supposedly turned OFF. But, oh boy, still got charged $130+ anyways. I got online and cancelled the entire account THE SAME DAY they tried to charge me (and I ONLY knew about it because my Credit Card co sent me a possible fraud alert, or I would not have known otherwise!).</p>
<p>EVERY DAY I am told to change my password and my Facebook password. Every day I am told I have been hacked. NOBODY fixes my problem!!! Last Friday I was told to change my EMAIL address, which I did. Same thing happened. Have not been able to log in all weekend. I've been told a Supervisor will contact me but they never do. I have asked for a refund but never receive one. I am forwarding a copy of this email to the Better Business Bureau. If I cant use their site and nobody will help me and I cant reach a supervisor, I am asking for my money back. Absolutely no customer service!!!</p>
<p>Dating sites are all a bit sketchy, but I had thought Match different. Forgivable is their focus on physical traits that reinforce that only good-looking people get dates, but that is the world in which we live. Pardonable is their so-so performance on keeping scammers off the site - hard to catch such beasts. BE VERY WARY of anything involving money with them! They make it difficult to cancel subscription and they never reimburse you. They will lie to you about the opposite sex being interested in you to get you to sign up and then say, "Sorry, we do not give you your money back ever". Do not believe what they say and be very careful of ever giving them money - you can consider it gone. They would not reimburse me - even though I asked in a very polite/friendly manner for them to be reasonable.</p>
<p>Match.com sucks. Just read the other 2000 one star reviews. I should have came here before I wasted 60 dollars. All they are going to do is prey on people with low self esteem, the site is designed to basically not work. Don't do it, you will still be alone but at least you will still have your money.</p>
<p>I just joined last night. After a bad experience with the first person I emailed with, I called this morning to get a refund. They refused saying because I sent 2 emails I could not get even a partial refund. So they're keeping $131 for a 6 month subscription when I called to cancel in less than 24 hours.</p>
<p>Unfortunately, I have nothing good to say about my experience with Match.com. I was catfished but thankfully realized it rather quickly, had another experience where I ended up needing an Order of Protection filed against a guy who was harassing me, and then automatically charged after I hid my account because I didn’t realize I was on auto renewal. The company does not even offer partial refunds. There is no way to know who is actually really available on this site so you will waste your time looking through countless accounts that either will never receive your message or they are not even checking their profiles anymore. Although I chose this because I wasn’t interested in any hookups, it appears that that is what is the norm for most guys these days. I will never use this site again and am telling everyone to stay far away from Match and look elsewhere. It’s a scam. They just want your money.</p>
<p>After spending $60 on a six month subscription we were kicked off 24 hours later for openly admitting we are polyamorous and they only gave us a $9 refund. That's a joke! No one has returned any of our phone calls we've only received emails, for being a large corporation the way they run things is pathetic. And I am writing reviews on any place I possibly can about this company. I fully intend to exploit it as much as possible. I hope the $50 was worth it!</p>
<p>I have been a member of Match for over a year and decided to give a 3 month trial a chance AGAIN!! Unable to log into account. Ask for link to reset. Never arrives. Fake profiles and unrealistic expectations. There is no guarantee for 6 month matches. Stay far away!!</p>
<p>I do not usually write reviews. This one is necessary. Match is a scam on several levels. There are an enormous number of fake profiles on the site that randomly "Like" and "Favourite" you before you pay. This gives you the incentive to pay and check out who liked your profile. When you do pay, the people who like you are all crap and fake. I verified this two different times with two different accounts over two years. They will claim that they cannot control these fake accounts and while that may be true to some extent, they are nowhere near the problem on any other dating app or site (Coffee Meets Bagel/Bumble/POF) for example.</p>
<p>I've been on the site for close to 3 months. Most of the responses I've received are from FREE members who are NOT able to communicate with you but only allowed to like your pictures or send a wink. Any other members that contacted me could not speak English and from another country.</p>
<p>Signed up for Match. They took my money and then never sent me a single email. I complained and canceled service. Match continued to charge me until I caught it. Told me something was wrong with my email. Nothing is wrong with my email. I never had problems with anyone else. I made three payments and never got one bit of service. They said it was my fault. They are scumbags. Never do business with thieves.</p>
<p>I joined Match and have tried to find women to be friends with or a relationship. I have had over 145 views and I have messaged them all. I had one respond to one thing that was auto generated then their profile was gone then the picture changed. I had another message me back. Talked for about 2 weeks. Texting our cell phones then she asked for a prepaid credit card stating she could not buy one where she lives but where she said she lived and where her phone # was located where 2 totally different places and she would not answer any questions. I asked or would not give out any detail where she lived but wanted to meet.</p>
<p>Downloaded their app and all of a sudden... I was freaking charged $115 for a 6-month subscription. Not sure how that happened. I know the first thing they sent me to when I used their app was this "please join to view" page. I don't remember clicking on anything. Instead, I exited that screen yet somehow I'm now a paid member? WTH. I did try out their 1 week trial for $3 or something so they must have kept my PayPal info. I clearly do not want to pay $100+ to join this site when FB is FREE!</p>
<p>First they sent female matches then matches far older then my account was compromised and other photos and leads from North Carolina. I asked for help. Nothing. I asked for cancellation. They told me do it myself. I asked for partial refund. They refused. I have heard other horror stories. STAY AWAY.</p>
<p>I read all of Match.com’s information. Despite what they say I was harassed and feel it was a very negative experience. I called to request a refund. The rep was rude, unhelpful and refused to let me speak to a supervisor.</p>
<p>I had been a Match.com user for the past 4 years. While a paid subscriber, my profile generated pretty much no interest. Soon after my subscription would expire, I start receiving emails from Match saying "this person is interested in you", "you had ** number of views", "this person liked you", "this person rated you a "YES" in their daily matches" etc. But they would never show you who may be interested unless you renew your subscription. Ultimately really piquing my curiosity, so I end up renewing. Only to find the person was either fake, they weren't really interested, or I would message them, and would never hear back. It seems Match.com is ONLY set up so that the only way people can possible converse or meet is if BOTH people are paid subscribers. I messaged several who were reported by Match.com to be interested, but never heard a word from any of them. </p>
<p>The site is confusing and poorly organized. Even with my profile requirements listed I was getting emails from all over the US. I had several glitch experiences with the message section where I would check on one box and go to the bottom to delete selected messages and it deletes all messages with no way of getting them back. I have had at least two experiences where two people were sharing one profile. I've had experiences where I responded to a recent messages and the site says those profile isn't available due to some kind of scam related issue. Their customer service people are dreadful and robotic. I was on the site for a week (had signed up for 3 months because they offered a big discount) and they refused to refund my money even with verification of all the problems! Don't use this dating site.</p>
<p>I signed up for a one month membership. And before I could even search and reply to profiles I was banned. Now there's no activity on my account. No weird photos or creep messages. Instead I get a link to backgroundcheck.com. They never checked my background because I don't have a criminal record. I complained to the BBB to no avail. Please stay away from this site.</p>
<p>I've been a member, on and off, since 2003. Constantly making changes to the site format, few if any that improve its usability. The opposite, if anything. Constantly implementing hoaky, hair-brained gimmicks and "features" to soak more money out of you. Popular with the naive and gullible, not with experienced users who know better. Any effort or system that used to be in place to screen for scammers went out the window years ago. STILL implement the absurd "Wink" and "Like" program. Right when adults in our society are more immature and juvenile than ever, they give a 30-, 40- or 50-year-old person the option of contacting another grown adult by "hiding" behind a button that you click. Now they even have a "Yes" rating. It's like we're 12-years-old playing a video game in an arcade. How lazy and insulting can you get? "Wow, you like me enough to click a button." It's no wonder why the dating and relationship world is in the state that it is.</p>
<p>I canceled my membership auto-renew months ago. I stopped receiving emails from them at that time. Today I noticed my bank account balance seemed lower than it should be, so I went online to check, and Match.com auto-renewed me again anyway. I opened a customer service chat with them and they demanded a cancellation number, which they never sent to me months ago when I turned off auto-renew on their site. Run away from this ripoff company as fast as you can.</p>
<p>I had unsubscribed once but realized I still had 2 months left so I let it go. I made sure I unsubscribed again so I wouldn't be charged on my credit card. Lo and behold I checked my statement and I was charged for the month again after I had unsubscribed again. I. called my credit card company to complain. They stopped the payment and gave me a credit. So later I find out that Match has blocked me permanently from the site because of THEIR error or should I say unethical scam! I complained to Match about this but to no avail. After reading all the reviews about this deceitful site I'm glad I'm permanently blocked! Someone should take legal action against them!</p>
<p>They renewed automatically my subscription whereas I had requested online not to renew it. I ask to speak with a manager and they did not let me do it. I do not want to hear anything about this site that is managed by a bunch of scammer who do not respect customers at all. Please avoid!</p>
<p>I will never use Match.com again, after they deleted my premium account without prior warning or reason. It took them 2 days to respond, and said that it had been deleted permanently as it accidentally tripped some spam filter. Now I've lost all my messages and history. I would avoid Match at all costs. I've used them a few times in the past, and every single time they end up automatically renewing my subscription and taking money from my account without my specific consent. I end up having to spend ages on the phone with them trying to get it refunded. Match is an expensive waste of time, and I'm glad that they are losing market share to other better dating apps. Their customer service is woeful. Their app does not work properly.</p>
<p>I signed up a 2 weeks ago and have been slow to embrace reaching out to anyone on my own. I just happened to look at 'likes' and 'interests' sent (supposedly by me) and there were more than 20. I NEVER EVER hit interest or like on any profile to date. I have responded to some emails sent to me, but this is NOT acceptable. I explained my concern on them sending things on my behalf without my consent and I want my money back, but all I got was a 'sorry' and 'we don't do that' and they switched me from auto renewal. Totally unacceptable. Buyers beware - they are sending messages on your account without your consent.</p>
<p>In cancelling prior subscriptions over the past few years, I commented as some of my reasons for cancelling were: 1) I very frequently did not meet the criteria of women whose profiles were offered to me as potential matches, especially in desired age range, and 2) that the women offered as potential matches frequently did not meet my criteria, especially as to important ones like age and distance. This results in a great deal of time lost checking profiles that weren't appropriate. They were cheap filler to make it look as if Match was doing something for their money.</p>
<p>Ladies, don't waste your money. I'm not sure what's going on at Match but even after you pay for a subscription you're bombarded for requests for more money for more services and the guys you are shown are repetitive and not great. Only through their desktop site is it easy to search for guys according to your preferences. The daily matches are terrible. I think you see mostly people who have paid to be promoted. Try other sites first, Match is bad.</p>
<p>I paid for 6 month sub. I did not use it for last 3. Account was placed on auto renewal. I canceled the day I saw the charge on my account. I called and canceled but they will not refund me. Awful site. They say it's in the fine print. But I canceled. They should be able to refund me and they refuse. I'm a widowed single mother who just can't afford this. That $80 was part of my rent.</p>
<p>I never use dating sites but it is clear this one is a scam. People send you likes and they are ALWAYS model material but when you click on them they suddenly deleted their profile? Come on. This is clearly some kind of ploy to get people thinking they can meet a model on the site but appears that the site is making these things happen. I don’t think most of the people on the site are even real. They never respond and have ‘hidden’ profiles. I have never seen anything like this. You have to be an idiot to not see through what they do. I am going to report to the BBB.</p>
<p>I signed up for a one month trial, not knowing that any time you sign up for a Match.com account, you agree to be billed every month indefinitely. When I saw that my account had been autodebited for a service I didn't use beyond the first day, seeing how pointless this paid app was compared to superior free apps, I called expecting an easy refund. I was told by 4 employees that "there was nothing they could do" and "no way to refund in the system" but that I would continue to have this service for the next month. All 4 employees refused to transfer me to a supervisor. I informed each of them that it was their obligation to transfer me to a supervisor. I took down all of their company numbers-- I believe one of them was lying, as he gave me a number that was far different than the others (with only three digits).</p>
<p>Joined Match.com and selected the 6 month option ($131.95). Match terminated my contract only after one day and refuses to refund my money. Do not join this online dating service. Profiles are out of date, most members are no longer members. What a rip off! Stay away!</p>
<p>Months ago I cancelled my membership and recently was charged the auto renewal fee of 137.00. When I called customer service they said that it wasn't their error nor could they refund me. They were rude and stated that there was no one there I could speak with regarding the issue. He stated he could give me a partial refund and when I asked why I could not get the full refund he stated that their system doesn't allowed it. The only way I could get a refund was supposedly to go online and email them but the system is down and they give you the same customer service number to call.</p>
<p>This dating service is a farce. It does not provide profiles according to your selected filters. I constantly get profiles from every type of Woman "EXCEPT" what I want; and, from every Geographical location on the North American continent that is not feasible to dating... When I complain, they ignore me. When I tried to cancel my membership they changed my password and wouldn't let me log back in nor reset my password. I had to call my bank and cancel the credit card and reissue a new one that this "club" couldn't have access to. BE WARNED!! This company WILL SCREW YOU!</p>
<p>Match.com knowingly engages in dishonest business practices and extorts their customers: 1. When you sign up for a subscription you’re given several different options to include a one-month membership, a 3-month, a 6-month etc, and with each longer term is a price reduction incentive. I chose the three month option but be sure to read the pages and pages of fine print because after my 3-month subscription expired they auto-renewed me for $79.00. They did not send an email or any sort of warning that my subscription was about to end and auto renewal would take place (why would they??? I’d then have the opportunity to cancel). The day my subscription expired they charged me the $79.00 and that very day I called to cancel my membership and request a refund but the customer service rep refused a refund, refused to let me speak to a supervisor and hung up on me.</p>
<p>They approve my profile then immediately terminate it without any cause. I paid for the service and I didn't even send a message yet. They refuse to tell me what I was in violation of. They are clearly discriminating against me based on my race, wealth or something that some keyboard jockey over there doesn't agree with. I put nothing illegal and hardly put a few lines about myself in the self summary. I emailed them resolutions@support.match.com, called them even and they refuse to answer. They give no explanation whatsoever. They must be just point blank discriminating against me. This company is doing something very shady and clandestine. Do they think they can run some kind of reverse eugenics program or something? This needs to be covered in a major news story.</p>
<p>I was a loyal customer of Match for 12 years. Paying my subscription and never having a problem until Nov 2017 when a lady on match wrote me and told me to get religion. I politely wrote her back saying that she is "shallow" by not respecting my beliefs. She complained to Match and they blocked and deleted my profile. I asked if they could explain why I was blocked since I had never had any complaints and they sent me an email, "they cannot comment on blocked profiles, even mine"... geeeez.</p>
<p>So I sent over 200 outgoing messages. No replies. Not even a "Hi!" Normally, I would reply "Hi" even if I wasn't interested. So I feel like I am blocked by a hacker. I called them. They pretend they don't know anything. They would have to look at the computer code. They obviously didn't. So my reliance on the site has caused unlimited undue psychological trauma. 100% Cyber Stalking. Can you imagine being conditioned to get no response out of thousands of messages.</p>
<p>They are the worst site I have ever used. I make a new account and I am kicked before I get on. They refuse to tell me what error their site made in my application. Find another site. This one is terrible. Not to mention horrible customer service.</p>
<p>I am a nurse, employed and single. Match.com will not allow me to join their dating website for an unknown reason. Yet they seem to allow married people and sexual offenders. I can't even address why they refused me as they won't share that. Very odd and I think they are profiling people.</p>
<p>I opened my profile to find another woman's photos on MY profile, still under MY username and under my control. So, where did my photos go? Who had control of MY profile? Meanwhile, I notice several men's photos had one username, only to see their photos change under their username. So, I didn’t know who was who. I called to tell Match how I was concerned for my security and that I didn’t even know which man I was communicating with. Match outsources customer service to the Philippines and the reps are very robotic and hard to understand. It took three lengthy calls where the reps refused to refund and hung up on me. I Was shocked that by the third call, I was supposedly refunded. I have to wait 5 days to be sure. Home office is Texas. Naturally, They don’t have a phone number. The only guy that I had any interest in was found on pof (the free site). Why would anyone pay for horrible customer service and faulty profiles???</p>
<p>DO NOT EVER USE THIS SITE. IT IS FILLED WITH SCAMMERS! I have been on the site a little over a month. I have been contacted by 4 different scammers, all seeking money. The scammers all appear to be **. I have brought this to the attention of Match.com through Marilou ** in their Customer Support. She refuses to do anything. I personally now know of 3 people who have been scammed through Match.com. The first person was for over $10,000, second for over $5,000, and third for over $4,000. THERE ARE MUCH BETTER SITES THAN THIS. Use OurTime.com, OKCupid.com, or CompatiblePartners.com. MATCH.COM is absolutely the worst, and there appear to be more scammers on this site than actual people. Further, they seem to run the same profiles over and over again even though the people do not appear to be active on the site any longer.</p>
<p>I signed up for one month only (paying the higher price for one month option) and right away I canceled the auto-renew because I did not want to get charged again. I got very weird people contacting me, poor selection, and on top of it all they CHARGED ME AGAIN WHEN MY MONTH WAS OVER! When I called to get a refund they told me they do not do this - it seems like this is a common problem for many users of this shady site. What a shame that they conduct business like this - I am appalled and very angry at them. DO NOT USE THIS SITE!!!</p>
<p>You think a huge company like Match.com would have the same standard of service as say, Yelp, Nordstrom, Amazon etc. or at least I did. But make no mistake, this is a site that wants as MANY CREDIT CARDS as possible and will by any means necessary attempt to keep charging your card. Cancelled membership 45 days before 3 month subscription ended. (By the way, they don't allow you to even be on Match with a temporary membership/without participating in auto-renew, it's up to you to go in and cancel it before they take money out again.) So I cancelled in plenty of time and wrote down the cancellation number.</p>
<p>Well this worked on quite well. I met someone on Match and last week we were married. Just don't give up keep trying. We were dating for about five years.</p>
<p>My Match.com account was hacked twice in the matter of a few days. Also, I received very poor matches: scuzzy looking, no vehicle, no job, etc when my settings were set much higher. I was a paying user also. Very low number of people actually respond to communication.</p>
<p>When I first got the account, I was unhappy. I cancelled the account within days of opening, due to the fact that all the same people from the free dating sites were also on Match. Their selection and help that they promise are a lie. But my credit card was still charged the following month, when I called to be reimbursed they told me they don't give refunds. I am very angry and dissatisfied with the way they conduct their business. Beware all. Do Not Use MATCH!!! They are frauds and will rip you off.</p>
<p>I have been on Match on and off for about 3 years. I never met a person of quality on that site and even had several incidents of stalking, harassment and inappropriate contact from members. All of which were difficult to report or get Match to address. Their blocking only worked to an extent and even after implementing it stalkers, harassers and the like were still able to contact me. Everyone I met on that site was interested in short term satisfaction over a long-term relationship, which was contrary to what they stated and outlined in their profiles.</p>
<p>I was constantly unable to login and they said there were potential security issues and it was for my protection. The last time they said they fixed it and I still could not log in. I complained and they terminated me for no reason. They said I need a court order to find out why. I have all the emails.</p>
<p>How Match.com scams people. Match NEVER identifies if prospective mates are paid members. Only paid members can respond to a message you send. Match does not tell you when a prospect last visited their website. Match doesn't reveal WHO has sent you message(s) unless you are a paid member. If you pay, you may discover the message(s) came from a fake or deleted member. As a paid member, I received average of 2 or 3 fake messages a day, meaning the profiles were deleted by management before I could even respond or were obvious "catfish" attempts. Daily email with 24 pics of prospects are basically same photos rearranged. They also mix in some that are NOT someone that meets your criteria. Despite their TV advertising, now you know why you're better off trying almost ANY other dating site.</p>
<p>Makes me wish I would've read this first. First they make you sign up for auto renewal unless you want to pay an outrageous amount for a month trial. Then when you cancel the auto renewal on the date of renewal they will still take your money and tell you they can give you a one-time partial refund. Making it so that you have to keep it another 3 months. I had to call them and they don't make that easy. There are no numbers listed on the website. I had to Google search that. </p>
<p>Match.com was a terrible experience for me. It appeared to have many single men in my area and so I paid the $100 fee because of the money-back guarantee. However, the way they found matches for me was seemingly random. I often saw men way outside of the parameters I had set and many men within the parameters appeared to not actively be checking their accounts. While I had hoped to find more people that would be open to long term relationships, many profiles were just as wishy washy as the free sites. My profile got significantly fewer views than my presences on POF, OKC, and I assume Tinder based on the number of matches I received there.</p>
<p>I have complaint about Match.com. I have been a loyal customer for many years. I renewed my membership with them three days ago and paid my membership fees for three month. I started making connections with men (I am divorced and looking to have family) when I suddenly found out that my account have been BLOCKED AND MONEY REFUNDED to my PayPal account. I have sent numerous emails, they said "account have suspicions activity"?!? Recommended to open another email and another profile - which I did - and they BLOCKED ME AGAIN AND REFUNDED MONEY!!!</p>
<p>It took three days of calling and emailing for anyone to get back to me. </p>
<p>I had account on this website, then I deleted all information, photos, went to "hidden" status and canceled my account. (3 +months ago). BUT recently I received email from this site informing me (very cheerfully), that my profiled (that was canceled) was visited 5 times in the last month. How could it possible happen in real world? Probably no chance. But there was a chance on Match.com, which collects ALL profiles that were created for years and years and presented them to current customers showing (pretending), that they have millions of members. (Majority - non-existent). That is how their Marketing works.</p>
<p>I just wish ratings went from -5 to +5 so 0 was neutral. I placed a 1 star, but actually in my scale I would give Match.com a (-4). I paid for a subscription and within days I learned that the 2 main problems with Match are 1) Auto-Renewals and 2) Fake Accounts. Let me explain below: FAKE ACCOUNTS. The new Verification section is optional (vs being required). Therefore there are a lot of fake accounts. In order to give assurance to viewers that my profile was genuine, I still went ahead and verified my identity with my phone (via SMS), Facebook, my Email and Twitter. I kept getting API Code errors when trying to verify Google+ &amp; Linked In. Neither my profile of any profile I've seen shows to the viewer that I had verified my identity with my Phone, Facebook, Twitter and Email options to assure them my profile was not a fake...</p>
<p>After reading a number of these reviews, I must concur. I think the people at Match.com are disingenuous. But what the hell do they care. They're making millions. I think some of the website is truthful and functional. But I believe there is a dark side to all this to get people hooked and enticed to continue with the service. I fully believe there are fake profiles, or rather staff writers that are likely paid by Match to gin out replies and lead one down a primrose path. I just had an occurrence with a very attractive woman who replied to my email about meeting me for an event.</p>
<p>I took a 3 month subscription and decided I wanted to cancel it. I cancelled the subscription. It never sent me a confirmation. It should have been effective on 10/30/17. I went there to make sure it was cancelled and still had access. I then checked my credit card and they charged me a full price 3 month subscription. I sent an email to customer service and was told they won't refund the money, with screenshots on how to cancel. I already knew how to cancel it as I did this a week ago. They never put the cancellation through and billed me full price and refuse to refund my money. This is how they stay in business. Con artists and scammers. I filed a complaint with the BBB and the Attorney General of Illinois for consumer fraud. I think everyone involved with this scam from Match.com need to file a class action lawsuit. Maybe that will force them into ethical business practices.</p>
<p>This company is not interested in the customer experience, but the money that they can take/steal from you with their auto renewal system, which it doesn't appear you can opt out of. I was gifted a 3 month subscription and created an account, for which I HAD to provide a credit card for "billing purposes". However, I was not given the option to opt out of the auto renewal system. So I cancelled the subscription before the renewal date, however, they didn't cancel the subscription. Although, I contacted them within 3 days of noticing that the subscription had not been cancelled as requested to make sure that I wasn't charged. Well I was charged! Not only was I charged, but they had the audacity to say that I had used the services of the subscription after the renewal date, which I hadn't. </p>
<p>In addition to all the above reasons, they have just awful customer service, Not customer-centric at all. The Match Guarantee requires you to stay visible, but if you were hidden for even a moment in those six months, you're done. It's a money grab more than anything else. You won't receive any responses from the profiles you message, so fake? You bet. Just save your dollars and find another dating website or even offline dating. If you want to part ways with your money because it's stinking up your wallet, then by all means join Match. For all the others, learn the lessons from the mistakes of the rest of us. JUST STAY AWAY. You'll thank yourself later.</p>
<p>When I signed up for Match.com, I was expecting a reasonable number of responses. However, very few were realized. Then when my subscription ran out, lo and behold, I was notified of MANY people interested in my profile!! Total SCAM!!</p>
<p>Match.com dont match up at all. They dont read what we put down cause I went to see who was compatible and when I looked there was 3 people from my hometown and we know each other and we were not interested in each other at all and then we're the only ones I think they saw was we were from the same town and that is all they read. What a waste of money. Never again.</p>
<p>Not worth the money. Your profile is shown thru out the US. Even when you request locals only. As soon as you cancel, they remove your profile and charge you the remainder of the month. There are better dating sites available.</p>
<p>This site automatically sets you up to "auto-renew". Once you realize it they have already charged you and won't refund you. I was charged on a Saturday and couldn't contact their customer service line until Monday morning. Despite contacting within 10 minutes of their line opening after being charged they refused to full refund me and cancel. Instead they "prorated" (i.e. Charged $50 for one month of service that I didn't want) and refunded the rest. I could swear I had turned off auto renewal the moment I signed up, as I was aware of their method. </p>
<p>I get many messages from people who present with a profile (maybe fake) from the US, their english is poor, it is clear they are looking for something that could be a problem. I get messages often from people in the US that seem to be looking to cause harm. I emailed Match.com with my concerns, within 3 minutes I got a response that had nothing to do with my concerns. BE CAREFUL ON THIS SITE!!!</p>
<p>My profile was closed saying I'm not what they're looking for. Educated, gorgeous, caring, not a red neck and extremely talented which obviously makes me unsuitable to Match.com. They then refused to return my money. I had gotten about 100 ** pics or other sexually abusive behaviour and told these men to ** the hell off and blocked them. The matches were terrible! Waste of money and time. I could have easily found the same quality of men at the Herb Jamison shelter for drug addicts and former prison inmates in downtown Edmonton.</p>
<p>So, one day I logged in and found someone else's photo on my profile, who had contacted about 200 women (presumably my account had been hacked). All my conversations gone. Tried to contact Match who make that impossible, so decided to cancel membership. When cancelling membership I was asked about 6 or 7 times if I was "sure", I think that's taking the **. Also they have the "confirm" button on the left and "cancel" on the right, in an attempt to confuse people and make it difficult to cancel, what a bunch of **!</p>
<p>I've been using Match since it's inception. First it was free, then it was paid for site which is ok, but now it's $42 a month which is a complete ripoff. Secondly, I think the owners of Match.com put up fake profiles to lure you in to subscribe. I get a bunch of really attractive women who will wink at me and then I'll subscribe find out they were fake profiles. The plus on this site is the profiles are pretty thorough and the people on here seem to be more serious about relationships than most other sites. I actually met someone on here who I dated for 5 years even though she had mental health issues.</p>
<p>I've used Match on and off over the last 10 years but now it's changed and seems to be a ripoff... I've cancelled my re-subscription but still had 2 months left, it seems because I have cancelled the renewal they have made me a minor member or not full... For example if I click into someone and then go to email them, as soon as I type in the box their name disappears, and at the top left where then may normally is it says someone? How can you remember some people's name. They are long or are nicknames or both, also you can't click in to them all the time to read their profiles?? I've tried to email them and ask but once I find the right page to email them you cant get passed their robotic test. I've tried and tried it does not work and no I didn't miss all the signs or pictures with cars or shopfronts...</p>
<p>I signed up a couple of days ago with Match.com. I was told one price. Then I was charged twice that amount and the rate did not add up with the exchange rate that they told me. When I call to speak with customer service they were very rude. I ask for a manager then I was told they were none available to help me. I was told that I was wasting their time calling in and no one can help me with my issue. I would not recommend this site to anyone, now I understand why people chooses a free site compare to paid ones.</p>
<p>Scammer changed my email address- not hard to do- I was able to change it back, even though I was locked out of my own account. This scammer changed my profile pics and sent solicitous emails to 14 people. The only saving grace, was that I received an email that informed me that my email address had been changed. Fortunately, I noticed this soon after it was done, and figured out how to change it back fairly quickly. Otherwise, the damage would have been worse... </p>
<p>DO NOT... I REPEAT... DO NOT sign up for this site. Not only for the reasons everyone else has mentioned... fake accounts, bogus "matches"... etc, but they are shady!!! My account was hacked, got an email that my password had changed... which I did not change. So obviously, now someone has access to my credit card. Now I've had to cancel that card and get a replacement. I was one month into my 6 month membership when this happened... which by the way got signed up by literally a slip of the finger. Btw... did I mention the website does NOT verify you would like to make a purchase before taking your money? So I call to cancel the remainder of my membership, because, well, they obviously are not a secure site right? I've had to cancel my credit card which causes a whole myriad of issues as some of you know.</p>
<p>I cancelled their service in 2016. I had no issue with the actual service, but didn't need it any longer. I did not log back in after that time. In February 2017, they started billing my credit card again ($76.72 per quarter). Since I don't use that card much, and don't get an actual statement unless I log onto their website, I didn't notice until the latest statement. I saw that charge, and called to make sure I was cancelled, and get a refund on unauthorized charges. Not even an apology. They will not reverse even one of the three fraudulent charges, and their phone reps insist there is no supervisor or manager to escalate a complaint to. That is an obvious lie, as anyone who has worked for any company with a phone room knows. I think their business practices border on criminal. Looking at other reviews, this is common practice for them.</p>
<p>I am "older" guy who gets a few contacts every day from beautiful, successful 30 year olds. Flattered of course, but none of them are real. They have Match.com email addresses. I contacted Match about this and they had no interest in helping or even asking me more questions. I therefore assume they know this is going on and are okay with it. I asked for a refund but they refused. If anyone wants to join a class action lawsuit against Match, let's do it. They are NOT the same site I joined years ago. I can't believe they don't care at all about their reputation anymore. Only the money. Too bad, they were a good company in the past.</p>
<p>Firstly, please note that I did not have a profile on Consumer Affairs' website until I came here to post my review of the dating site MATCH.COM. I am that unsatisfied, that I would make these efforts should speak volumes about my experience. My sole intention is to provide an informed and articulated review of a company that I feel does not present itself with any sense of transparency or show a true concern for its paying members. The key word here is 'Paying members', as anyone shelling out their hard earned money should feel that they are not only getting value in return, but, also, gain the confidence that those services that they are paying for are delivered in a way that reinforces why they are there in the first place. </p>
<p>I subscribed 6 months at a discounted rate. At the end of my subscription, I was automatically charged at a much higher rate and refused to a refund. I now am out US$180+. So to avoid this mistake again, I immediately I turned off automatic renewal. After this, I received a couple of emails from Match stating that I will "no longer receive the benefits of a Match subscriber." What? But didn't Match just make me pay US$120 for 6 months? But I won't even receive any benefits for the unwanted subscription? This site is crooked. Don't bother. I've tried eHarmony before and they would give you refunds if you had inadvertently forgotten to turn off the automatic renewal or if they inadvertently charged you for it.</p>
<p>Match.com was one of the most miserable experiences of my entire life. After being widowed a year ago, I turned to the internet for online dating and chose Match. Bad call. The site is populated with seeded (catfish) fake accounts who will Wink or Like you, then never respond (or maybe weeks later). It turns out these people are paid to browse and link up with folk for the sole purpose of misleading paid accounts to keep them active and also inflating the site's numbers. Ask the catfish to meet, and it's just endless excuses why they can't (or they will ignore you). Not to mention the rampant SPAM that hits you every single day. To make matters worse, my profile was hacked and identity was stolen. I just can't express enough how fraudulent and fake Match.com is. Read the other reviews here and you'll find a plethora of people who experienced exactly the same thing. AVOID MATCH.COM AT ALL COSTS!!!</p>
<p>They send you matches 10-15 years younger or older. I've never seen so many widowed men in my life, the number one clue they are scammers. I feel for those that truly widowers. I signed up for a renewal with a reduced fee, my cc expired right before the renewal so they cancelled my account and when I fixed my card they charged me the full fee and wouldn't refund me because I answered an email. Scammers are a huge issue or they are profiles set up by match themselves. I always ask something specific about a town they live in that cannot necessarily be googled. I have met some great men, but I think this site has a lot to do with people being discouraged with dating. I will not be renewing and have given up...they can keep their Nigerian and employee profiles.</p>
<p>They slammed me with a service I did not want (sudden popup with no way to decline offer). I contacted them several times immediately by email and phone. Refused to refund the charge against my credit card. Had to contact my credit card company. Avoid this outfit.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match.com using a half off offer. I was accepted immediately and began searching for matches. Within a few minutes I was blocked. I was unable to continue searching. I received a message that my membership was cancelled and given no explanation. This made no sense. Their customer service dept only works business hours so I had to email and wait for a response. The first email response said my membership was cancelled and said they were not aware of why. I was told my credit card was refunded fully. By now it was the weekend and of course Match does not do customer service on the weekends so I had to wait until Monday. I finally got another apology email stating that I was welcome to pay the full fee and everything would be fine. I believe I was scammed to join using the discounted offer. They cancelled me after I got the discount so they could cause me to pay the full price. I do not recommend this site to anyone.</p>
<p>Former member with ex-wife satisfaction. New attempt at finding romance and love. Unfortunately, my profile and emails to LADIES… were considered offensive. Telling I use legal medical ** daily was like being part of the players protesting the national anthem before ** football. Sorry I didn’t know we were supposed to lie. My mom taught me to tell the truth. I always do what my dear smart wonderful mother told me, regardless of what everyone else was doing. So, when I attempted to cancel my membership without a refund… I know how the scam works. You call customer service. Then you are a football. They toss you around and around to different operators who have limited English language comprehension… I taught school 32 years in multicultural diverse communities, so I’m sensitive to those speaker. But they are training them to repeat the company apologies which end with lower offers of extra Match.com service and I support that. </p>
<p>Responded to several good matches and never heard anything back. I am not Frankenstein's daughter... so I don't know what to think. Can people not write back that they are not interested or is something else going on? I got lots and lots of responses to my ad. 90% I identified as catfishes (scammers). I'm sick for all of the women (and men) that will wind up being duped by scammers... they are rampant on this site. Match.com doesn't really seem to do anything about this. I would be very very careful with giving this place your money. All in all - I am out about $137 for a 6 month sub which I only used 3-4 days of. I am going to see if they have to refund my money because I only used their for a few days, but we shall see. Bet I am 'out of luck'.</p>
<p>Right after I subscribed on 10/1/17 someone else signed on my account and changed my password and also changed my account info which email address and my birthday year. 10/2/17, when I received email from Match to confirm those, it is asking if these are not done by me to contact customer service. So I click on that which brought to automated form site, I filled out and send request then only I hear from them is automated reply day later, and it is asking exact same stuff I fill out on first form. It is repeating question again, then I did reply those question but not hear from anybody, I even mentioned whoever took over my account is scam person it is fake, still not hear from them 10/4/17.</p>
<p>They charge your credit card without warning at the end of your subscription and then at a higher rate... Then they limited and threaten you with your emails may not get to their intended guest if you don't reactivate... So basically, they steal your money and because you tell them no further subscription after the months you paid for and they restrict you!!! They are nothing short of thieves... They nickel and dime you for everything. They are no good. Stay away. No relationship is worth this **.</p>
<p>Unlike OKCupid or some other sites Match will not let you see who messaged you or who viewed your profile without ponying up at least forty bucks for a month, or eighty for three. I got a lot of views and messages after I created my profile, but after I plunked down my hard earned cash I came to find out they were either troll profiles or from ridiculous distances. Like I'm on Long Island, and got "matches" from Connecticut. Like I'm going to take an hour and a half ferry ride, plus drive time to go on a date. And, despite explanation and asking for a refund within 24 hours, they refused to give me my money back. How can you not feel like you were scammed? Unfortunately, I looked back into 2016 in my emails, but can't find a receipt. Trust me, this is true and accurate. They're a like a bad joke.</p>
<p>I have gotten over 500 views in 1 month and only 5 guys really sent an email. Are you kidding me. 25 guys looked at my profile today and you mean no one thought I was interesting. I have written several emails to customer service regarding this and I am getting very vague responses. I am being catfished in half of the emails. This site has gone down the tubes. I signed on for 3 months and I will NOT be renewing my subscription nor would I recommend anyone to join this site.</p>
<p>In just 2 hours of review, I amassed at least 11 interested females. Which I could tell were PAID Patsies paid by Match.com. One such woman I did get a hold of on the site explained that her and other decent looking women were also "Recruited" by Match.com to lie and get their money. Stay away from this Site if you want to get and keep your Money!!</p>
<p>I thought I had stopped my automatic renewal but it wasn't apparent that I'd been unsuccessful. I made the request for a refund as soon as they'd taken it, explaining it was a mistake. They replied quickly but refused to give me my €77 back for a service I don't require. In the UK I'm protected by law which allows for a 14 day money back period. I'll be taking them to court.</p>
<p>I joined Match on Thursday evening (9/28/17) and paid for 12 months and in less than 24 hours I received an email that my password was reset (I never reset it). A little while later I received another email that my profile was updated. I couldn't access my account to see what changed because I was locked out. It appears my email address was removed from their system. I sent an email to customer service informing them my account got hacked. I contacted my credit card company to cancel the charge and it turns out that Match issued me back a full refund already. I'm grateful for the full refund. They definitely have a problem and it's costing them business.</p>
<p>MATCH.COM ARE CROOKS AND THIEVES, plain and simple. I signed up for 6 months. A couple of years after my membership expired, they signed me up again on their own. They had my credit card number from my previous subscription and billed my credit card without my knowing about it. When I got my credit card bill, I complained to my credit card company (VISA). After a few days, I contacted the Better Business Bureau and complained. MATCH.COM didn't respond to the BBB. VISA finally refunded my charge and I requested a new card and canceled my old one. They are thieves and should be prosecuted. In hindsight, I should have contacted the Attorney General in their state and prosecuted. STAY AWAY FROM MATCH.COM!</p>
<p>Match.com FORCES you to upgrade to get the Most for your Search. It's Super Limited otherwise. There are SO Many GROSS ppl on this Site. They Don't read your profile for the most part. They go on your appearance... This Whole experience has been EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING!!!. I AM Disgusted!!!</p>
<p>The day after I signed up for a 3 month subscription, my account got hacked. I received an email saying my username and passwords had been changed, which I never authorized. Then I was charged for the upgrade in subscription, which again, I did not authorize. What disturbs me more than this is that since the hack, I have been receiving emails from my OkCupid account from men responding to emails that I never sent. I have not logged onto OkCupid in years but knowing that Match owns OkCupid, I know these emails are coming as a result of the Match hack. I have emailed, called and chatted online with customer service reps on Match.com to resolve this issue. They said they are escalating this complaint so I am waiting to hear back. They say they will get back to me via email within 24-48 hours.</p>
<p>The majority of my interests turned out to be false profiles and Eastern European women. I got a couple of them to send me a direct email, where I pulled their IP addresses. The source did not match their profile location. They apparently realized this could be check, because the next couple women, tried to get my phone number. When I told them they had to email me directly, off the Match.com site, I never heard from them again. Lastly, when I did cancel, I get emails from Match.com stating I have 39 interest. Really? I never had that much activity total. As far as I'm concerned Match.com is a big scam.</p>
<p>I subscribed and paid for my account to Match on Sept 11, 2017. First time on Match, ever, and I was looking forward to this. I began to write to people over my first week as a new member. Exactly 1-week later on September 18th 2017, Match charged me for 2 subscriptions in addition to the subscription I purchased 1 week prior. One charge was for $88 and another charge was for $59 (in addition to the properly charged amount of $59 the prior week). </p>
<p>I signed up for Match and quickly realized it wasn't for me. I canceled the same day and canceled the auto renewal. When I spoke to a representative from the company, I was informed I could only get a partial refund. How does a company get away with partially refunding a service a person has never, and will never, use? I looked it up and there are a number of class action lawsuits against the company. Guess I just have to go join one!</p>
<p>They auto-renewed my canceled account. I found out about it on my credit card statement. By the time I found out from that, 30 days had passed since they renewed it. Their "policy" is there are no refunds after 30 days. Further, they are not allowed to hand the complainer up to a supervisor. Basically, "that's our policy." Sucks to be you, customer. Crooked. Plain and simple. Crooked.</p>
<p>I have dealt with them in the past where they will not refund your money due to awful experiences. Even being solicited for paid ** they would not refund my money after I complained. Several years later (2016) I tried the site again and it was a good experience. This time around I have had my account hacked and someone was soliciting other people for money using different photos but they had gotten access to my account and changed my email address. Because of customer service issues of not being able to be contacted and they did not respond online either until three days later. And this person had access to my account and I'm not sure if they tried to make any charges to my credit card that is tied to the account. </p>
<p>I joined that Match.com dating site last week September 2017 and was aggressively hounded to pay for a subscription because there were so many people interested in me. I also joined in Norway where I have been 8 times and may want to return to live one day. I used my email address that I use exclusively for dating sites so I have all of those likes and winks in one place!</p>
<p>I was a member for less than one month. During this time my account was hacked four times. FOUR TIMES. Each time I had to call the Match office (inconveniently open only from 9-5) and reset not only my Match name and password, but also my EMAIL name and password. Each time my account was hacked, I lost contact with those members I had been corresponding with so essentially I had to start over with all new people 3 times (the 4th time, I just quit the site). I note that several of my correspondents also reported that THEIR accounts had been hacked.</p>
<p>I signed up for Match.com dating service. It is a total waste of your time and energy!! My experience with the site was the worst move ever. The profiles of their people are phony! The site is NOT secure. They gave my personal information to other adult dating sites. I was contacted by dozens of other sites. I received unwanted calls as well. The responses to my profile were from people from all across the country. The ones that were close were people you could not identify, and never showed up at any function. I cancelled my membership in advance. They still billed me as a renewal. And I was told I couldn't get the charges reversed. They are un-concerned about YOU! It’s all money &amp; member count! DO NOT SIGN UP FOR MATCH.COM, YOU WILL BE SORRY!!</p>
<p>1st month at £4.99 cost £80.00. Watch out for the automatic renewal after the free trial. They can't refund a few days after the payment taken. Why not? This is after I closed down my account with them online or so I thought. I was promised £40.00 refund but this has never happened. Phoning the 3rd time after obtaining a copy of my credit statement to send on as proof of payment as requested. The customer service person after a few words, just hung up.</p>
<p>I have tried to cancel my membership three times, Match.com will not do it. They are a complete scam. I highly recommend you do not join. They will not let you pay as you go. They require that you give them a credit card and auto debit your account. Not to mention that I never talked to anyone that I was the least bit interested in. It is nothing more than a hookup site, as I said a complete scam.</p>
<p>I was not interested in continuing my service with them and went to cancel my membership only to see they had already charged me over $80 for auto renewal. I cancelled the membership and called to get a refund because I had only missed the cancellation by a few days but hadn't been active on my account since before the renewal date. I was told they were unable to refund my money because that's their policy, they could only give me a partial refund of $20. So, they stole over $60 from me and told me their system, regardless of who I speak with, doesn't allow for a full refund. This company is criminal and does not actually provide a reliable service. Avoid them at all costs!</p>
<p>Auto renewal is automatically turned on... When you notify them you did NOT want to be charged they refuse to delete the charge even after only TWO days since the charge posted. The renewal rate is almost TWICE the original rate!!! This is a VERY bad business model and the consumers suffer this rampant abuse.</p>
<p>I bought a subscription from Match.com less than 2 weeks ago and by today I was so frustrated and disgusted by the mediocre and substandard quality of their matches and by their up-sale scam that I called in to cancel and asked for a refund for the unused portion. The rep, Ryan, informed me that my membership ends in February of 2018 and they will cancel the automatic renewal thereafter, but their subscriptions are non-refundable! The package I bought for $119.00 was for $19.99 for 6 months and nowhere in the sign-up window did it indicate that it was a non-refundable charge! This company has the lowest quality of matches I've seen and they're continuously attempting to get you to sign up for more of their worthless services. I strongly hope that a class-action lawsuit will be brought against them.</p>
<p>Match.com reactivated my account after I had specifically gone through the steps to deactivate it. They then claimed there was no record of me cancelling it. Now I have to cancel my credit card in order for them to stop fraudulently billing it. Avoid this company at all costs!</p>
<p>Just want to say that I don't remember signing up for automatic renewal. I went to pay a bill this morning and was shocked to see 78$ missing from my account. I have not been using it for the last few weeks and was expecting to receive a notice before you took my money and you don't give refunds!!! I will not be using this site again and I will not recommend this rip off to anyone else. 78$ may not seem like much to you but it's one bill I can't pay this month. Also I requested men in MY AGE GROUP and IN ALBERTA. I learned the hard way texting to USA is exorbitant... And they sure like to ask for money... Thought I was cancelled but they took $78 out of my account, went over my overdraft, and won't refund the money... I DONT WANT THIS UNTIL DECEMBER 1ST.</p>
<p>Match.com had been charging me for three years without my knowledge then refused to pay my money back until I threatened to file a lawsuit against them. They then agreed to pay my money back but only for the recent charge. I would like to find others who are interested in filing a class action lawsuit against Match.com. These people are scum! So if there are others that are interested in getting legal ACTION AGAINST Match.com let's get this started!</p>
<p>Match.com will lure you in to sign up but once they have your credit card, they will charge astronomical price once your promotion is up. What they do not tell you is that you are automatically signed up for renewal and being in the bundle once your 6 month promotion is up, they double the amount they charge you for the following 6 months. They do not email you notification that your 6 months is up, they do not email you notification how much they are planning to charge you for the following 6 months. This is a dishonest practice. They will refuse any refund or partial refund if you have had any activity on your account since they have charged your credit card. This is one of the worst company cultures towards their subscribers that I have experienced. So disappointed. Be smart and careful, know what you are getting into.</p>
<p>Signed up with Match.com back in July. I thought it was a monthly charge and not a non-refundable year charge of $239.88. Once I logged in and saw that anything pretty much I selected they tried to upsell you and then finding out that the $239.88 was an upfront charge I cancelled... or so I thought I did. Since it was obvious the first cancellation/deactivation didn't work I filled a dispute with my credit card company and on that same day cancelled/deactivated my membership again. Of course the credit card company was no help at all and ended up adding the $239.88 back on to my credit card once Match.com provided the receipt to what I thought I cancelled. The second time I cancelled I actually received their form email with the heading "We're Truly Sorry to See You Go" but no mention of any refund whatsoever. Only a place to click to "Reactivate Account Now" thru 7/4/2018.</p>
<p>I'm getting emails saying Lorenzo loved the email you sent him or he winked back at you. I started a profile. Never joined yet I'm emailing men? 1. I'm not paying for a membership 2. I think I'll get some more cats. I've tried to delete my profile but it will not allow me.</p>
<p>They deleted my account saying that I am married or in a relationship, which there is no such a thing. I signed up for 3 months and they deleted my account within a month. When I called they literally stated that they won't refund my money or prove that I am violating their terms and conditions. Simply took my money and did not respond to my emails or phone calls. They are the biggest fraud.</p>
<p>It is a scam! All the negative reviews are true. They renew your subscription and they keep charging your credit card! The only way is to cancel the credit card. This website uses fake profiles. Stay away from this nasty company!</p>
<p>This site takes your money and you get phony men contacting you. When you write back you never get a reply. I was on this site 14 years ago and it was somewhat deceiving but this is a scam. You get 11 matches without photos, you never reply to someone without a photo. This is all the time. I have complained to them and they have ignored my question of why do I get matches without photos all the time. They need to be shut down and people should get their money back. Class action suit should be helpful.</p>
<p>It's virtually impossible to get a refund from these people. It's so unfair for them to have such discretion in auto-renewing their members with no possibility in getting a refund if you're not using the site anymore. I had met someone, therefore not using the site, but the customer service rep told me I would get no refund because her records showed that I had gotten on the site since the renewal. Yes, I did... To hide my profile and another time to figure out how to cancel my account. I had met someone, not on Match but a different site. I then asked for a partial refund and was told "no" that I wasn't eligible. There's lots of free sites that are virtually the same. Don't get sucked into thinking that Match will be any different because people have to pay to be on the site. There's still the same amount of scammers, jerks and freaks as any other site. Never again!!!</p>
<p>I signed up for what I thought was 1 month of this service, but got charged a recurring fee. When I called to let Match.com customer service know I was unhappy with the service and asked about being refunded (supposed to be a money back guarantee) I was laughed at and disconnected from the call. I will never use nor recommend this service to anyone. Customer service was disrespectful, rude, and made me feel like I was extremely unimportant.</p>
<p>I have reported Match.com profiles that were revealed to have stock photos, or that were associated with a person that had profiles under a variety of names. I sent the Google links to the evidence along with my report and although I received a canned response from the customer service department, the profiles were allowed to continue on their site. Match.com does not protect its customers from individuals who have been identified as devious.</p>
<p>I had been a member of Match.com for three years with no problems. On July 29, 2017 I received an email saying that my profile changes were approved and if I hadn't made any changes then I should contact Match. When I logged on to my account sure enough there was a man's profile who lived in LA while I am a woman that lives in TX. I immediately contacted Match and they told me that this person charged a total of $71.52 (3 transactions) and that my credit card would be immediately refunded. Well two weeks go by and no refund. I then contact my credit card company and told them to dispute those charges which they did. </p>
<p>I would not recommend this site for many of the same reasons I have read here. I wish I had read reviews before I joined the site. The matches were not a match! In addition, they auto renew you and there is not notification when the charge will be posted to your account. I canceled my membership and took down my profile the same day they auto renewed and they refused to refund the money so I was charged for 3 months for an inactive profile. My feeling is that they are not customer focused and the way that the business is conducted is unethical.</p>
<p>Match.com does not allow you to get any sort of refund if you wish to cancel. They will up-sell you into longer subscriptions; don't buy it! They hide behind weird policies and terms to keep profiles viewable unless they are "specifically" turned off. You are probably messaging 50% ghost accounts in my opinion. Fake profile with same usernames in multiple cities appear. "Profile unavailable" will always appear. Expect many unread messages because of all of this. Adding to all of this is the people who lie about their age and the scammers who are on the prowl and you should just avoid this site at all costs. </p>
<p>I called to cancel membership after being automatically renewed and ask for refund. They checked and saw I had not logged in for months but only wanted to give me a partial refund. I am not happy with them renewing my subscription without notification and then not giving me a full refund. I find this deceitful.</p>
<p>I had been on there since November 2016. Had no success. I put down that I was full figured. 75% of my matched were looking for someone thin. I put down in my profile that I would not date interracial. I got people from other races. No offense but just not my thing. I set my account to not autorenew. It did not work and I got charged anyway! They refuse to do anything about it. The site is more scammers than real people. I am done with them!</p>
<p>I cancelled my subscription in May 2016, I made a screenshot of the page that stated my account was cancelled. May of 2017, they charged my credit card $137. I reached out to them, they got back to me stating I hadn't cancelled my account. I have attached the screenshot twice now to my reply emails and they maintain that I did not cancel my account.</p>
<p>It is just not the same as meeting one on your own and people lie. Photos do not tell the truth and people exaggerate about themselves. If you need a dating site you may want to have a positive change to your life.</p>
<p>My Match.com account was hacked by someone who sent multiple messages to other users giving them a false number to call. This person also purchased things using my credit card on the site. I had to call Match multiple times to resolve the issue, all the while the person continued to send other users messages. When the issue was finally resolved, Match.com informed me that they were unsure if all of the charges would be able to be refunded to me, which is unacceptable. If an account is hacked, they should get a full refund.</p>
<p>My account was Hacked today at 4:30 pm Pacific time, the person knew that Match would be closed and the customer service center would be unreachable until the next business day. They subsequently ordered top spot and charged $24.00 and then another subscription fee of $57.00 plus on top of that. Thankfully my bank flagged it as suspicious and contacted me with a text Via my phone. I contacted the bank right away and told them they had no authorization to be charging my account for those charges. </p>
<p>This goes back to 2002 when I tried it, haven't since. Married a man from that site... (9 years). He wound up stealing my lifetime savings. Lied about everything. No background checks. I am a senior now and could care less about a relationship. Would rather be alone and poor than put up with a thief in my own home!</p>
<p>Dated several men. Some lived up to their bios some did not. However I am engaged to the last gentleman. At 72 I did not really think I would ever fall in love again. I had been married for 46 years and widowed for 4.</p>
<p>I'm a software engineer. I signed up on Match.com. I started noticing a trend of many profiles with only 1 picture (always of an attractive girl) and the profile descriptions were exactly the same. There were dozens of these near me in a small radius. These weren't generated by bots or users, they were generated by Match.com themselves. I confronted them with my findings and they copy and pasted a bunch of BS to me and refused a refund. Use POF instead.</p>
<p>The pool of guys is pitiful. I get daily "matches" with men who either are not in my area or who don't have a lot in common with me. For example - I don't hunt and fish or ride motorcycles. I also don't look my age (70) but the guys in my age range seem to think they are such a great catch that surely a woman of 35-55 would snap them up. And too many of the ones my age are fat, have pics that look like mug shots or are ready for a nursing home. My husband died 12 years ago... I had met him on Match.com --- it sure has changed.</p>
<p>A few years ago Match.com was fabulous. Presently the sites demands face shots only as profile. No activity shots. Recommended dates are not screened for preferences. So they may or may not be interested in your profile. The searches are not always based on the search parameters the user sets up. Very frustrating.</p>
<p>Match.com has a lot of "fade aways" meaning guys who make contact but don't follow through with an email or phone call. Maybe because there's thousands to choose from. In my age range, (late 50s early 60s) I notice the majority of men my age want much younger women.The men that do want us are 10 yrs or more older than us and I get the impression a lot of them are looking for a woman to take care of them financially. After 5 yrs, I'm done with internet dating.</p>
<p>Match.com is too much work. You have to spend a lot of time on this, I just don't have the time. I did sign up twice, once in 1999 another time was 2014. Each time was no such luck.</p>
<p>Match is just a hodge-podge of lonely people. If you find someone that fits your life you are just plain lucky. I think any dating site is the same way. There are too many variables in like to let a computer pick a mate for you.</p>
<p>Match is a terrible dating website. You cannot block other members from seeing your profile even if they are abusive. Match will block messages sent from an abusive member but the member can still stalk your profile which is very dangerous. Also, they do not do much when a conflict arises with another member. The most they would do is cancel both you and the other's membership with no refund and no reason. Customer service is even worse - they are very rude and ignorant. Please go to any other site but match. DO NOT waste your money here because it has nothing to offer. You will not find serious/intelligent members on this site. The only members on there now are looking to "play".</p>
<p>Match is a big scam and charged my debit card after I followed all the proper steps according to instructions on their site to cancel. I subscribed for a one month membership to Match.com. Didn't like it because there were so many fake profiles, so about 2 weeks into my one month membership I went to my Match account and followed the instructions on how to cancel. Did that 2 weeks before my renewal date. But saw the renewal fee charged to my bank the next month.</p>
<p>This really sucks. Worst experience I've had with a dating site. Caught catfish, one after another, probably same one. They wouldn't use the site, except the initial time. Then they would say they are not members, they need your email, eventually get your phone number, etc. Then drop the bomb. They ask for the so many thousands of dollars they need you to send them.</p>
<p>Match.com has too many scammers and fake profiles and too many men looking for hookups. My photo was removed and a man's photo put its place and no assistance from them to resolve issues so half of my subscription was spent trying to prove my identity.</p>
<p>Can't talk to site customer service. I made error, tried to correct it. They charged me. When I fought charge on my MasterCard they cancelled my total membership. I tried to call customer service. No live people. And they just don't give a damn about their customers.</p>
<p>None of the matches respond, and when you attempt to remove yourself Match.com refuses to let you and continues sending emails to your email address. It also sends an overabundance of emails that don't amount to anything.</p>
<p>It will allow people to meet the right person by the right website. Match is similar to Tinder, but before the new websites. The donations should be placed if you find a match.</p>
<p>I knew Tinder was a hookup app (generally), so even though I wasn't thrilled to spend money on a dating site, I used Match.com. The cost made it seem more legitimate to eliminate prospects that weren't looking for anything serious, but I also expected the site to find matches for me. I did not find that the site did either.</p>
<p>This is a right off the ad on the computer said a monthly fee would be charged but when they charged my card they charged for a whole year. And they would not refund my money. They are scam with false ads. I would not recommend this site to anyone.</p>
<p>I have been on the site for over a month now and had no success. The algorithm matches with more results from the not a smoker/smoker category than any other choices you make on the site. If you have an inbound email in your inbox, match shows you as online to encourage others to feel there is more of a selection available than there actually is at the time you are on. They also have a feature called blocking but it's a false sense of security. Once you block someone, you will not be able to see them, but they will still see you. They have lots of tricks to get your money, so don't waste your money!</p>
<p>I receive many winks from Match.com (after also including a 3-month $plan). But the majority of people who reach me, are supposedly &amp; presently being blocked while possibly placing their email address or something within their personal listings - and that I unfortunately cannot review nor reach them whatsoever!!! Match should supposedly not allow them for winking at me until they can double check their present settings, but they stupidly do while creating many additional problems with their other customers. And I also feel that Match.com are asking for lots of more money, and I unfortunately feel that they are also attempting to rip you off.</p>
<p>I got to speak to a few in the end when it came to meeting they shied away. Then finally the one that didn't shy away was a very very good con man. I was conned by him and his family. I will have taken it as a learning lesson go on Match.com away and never be so gullible and nice and don't be afraid to say no. Don't be afraid to be embarrassed because in the end it will be so much more embarrassing and you will end up losing everything and maybe get arrested or hooked on drugs. For sure my health was affected and I have aged and gone into earlier menopause.</p>
<p>It was definitely easy and mobile friendly. I had a bunch of matches which made browsing for a date fun. I am currently dating my boyfriend of over 3 years and we met on Match. So, I am very appreciative Match brought us together.</p>
<p>Match.com was reasonably priced and returned a reasonable amount of matches. It's a great value for your money. I met a variety of man from all walks of life. The profile provided me enough information to decide if I wanted to meet the man.</p>
<p>The dating site itself is OK. In my case I have interacted with a lot of fakes. Customer service is horrible. I am not too pleased with my experience so far.</p>
<p>Charges too much for service &amp; auto renews without your knowledge. One only knows subscription renewed when charge hits bank account. Would not recommend site.</p>
<p>In my opinion, Match.com seemed to work for me the best. I have tried other sites like OK Cupid, POF, JDate and Bumble. On Match there were more men available that fitted the criteria that I was looking for. I felt more secure when I was using Match than with the other sites. Not impressed with their mobile app though.</p>